what's up y'all welcome to the W show
it's been a great week no it's been a
great week nope and it's going to be a
great w show okay oh I wasn't even
talking about like world
events I realized what that probably
sounded like now I'm I wasn't trying I'm
not even we're not even going down that
road wow it took us it took us exactly 3
seconds I didn't intend to 3 seconds no
to alienate somehow half of America that
wasn't even what I was talking about and
we don't even know which one it
is way to go Luke I was talking about
completely not American things okay I
nothing to do with America we've got a
lot of great topics for you guys today I
forget what the headline one was so Luke
might get it for a change AMD is
rocketing upward they have wow okay we
we'll get into the details later but
that is AB absolutely incredible EA has
ditched support for Linux in Apex
Legends
citing the fact that Linux gamers are
far more likely to
cheat them some fighting words Y what
else we got this week a modder has made
DIY upgradeable Mac storage okay this is
so cool this is legitimately Co Crazy
Prices we were talking about might not
be so bad actually there's a little more
to that as well we'll get to it
intriguing uh the last one I will bring
up is that Ms paint might be like a a
cool neat thing to do on your computer
again really maybe they're bringing AI
features Ms paint and Notepad
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by
thingiverse oh cool SE Sonic notion and
of course our chair partner secret lab
our laptop partner LG and our rap
partner dbrand Okay small as side have
you seen my car yet not in person I've
seen pictures though my goodness okay
anyway that's all to tell me when you
get pulled over EA is dropping Linux
support for Apex Legends despite the
fact that the game was in the top 50 in
terms of popularity on the steam deck
over the past year according to EA
developers it is much harder to catch
linux-based cheaters and the quote is
the openness of the Linux operating
systems make it an
attractive the openness of the Linux
operating systems whatever make it an
attractive one for cheaters and cheat
developers they claimed that the impact
of Linux cheaters was having an outsized
impact on other players experience and
thus EA has decided it is not worth
supporting the platform I suspect if I'm
reading between the lines accurately I
suspect this might also mean that the
player base playing on Linux is probably
not super high either but it's very
interesting to me that they specifically
call out the outsized impact that that
small player
if you're
toister EA one of Halo titles like Apex
Legends which okay is not a Halo title
that would be Halo but you get what I
mean do
it he wasn't even paying enough
attention what he wasn't paying enough
attention oh forget it get on the ball
Dan I was responding to a horrific merch
message oh oh uh uh well cool I guess
we'll get to that later okay anyway the
point is we've got a few discussion
questions here and I'm I'm legitimately
interested to hear not just Luke's
perspective but I'd like to hear your
guys's perspectives as well like if
there's anyone who works in game
development particularly an anti-che
development feel free to drop that into
the float plane chat I'm going to kind
of keep an eye out for it but you know
the first question is wouldn't more
cheat makers be attracted to Windows
seeing as the paid cheat industry is
kind of of an enormous industry these
days and windows is obviously going to
be the platform of choice for most
Gamers that's where your biggest player
base is wonder if it's a premium thing
though like the you know you have a less
likeliness of getting caught if you use
this one we are the premium specialized
tool for the Discerning cheater I very
much suspect that it is but do do you
really think that it that it is more
worth it Arch during the day cheating at
Apex Legends at night do you really
think that it's more worth it to kind of
jump through whatever Hoops you might
have to jump through to become a Linux
gamer you know figure out installing
Linux for yourself which to be clear I
I'm I'm not I'm not talking about you
guys right now you guys know how to you
know use rofus and make a USB drive and
install an operating system on your
computer yeah exactly exactly I mean
surely that wouldn't cause the system to
immediately brick you did you ever see
that video I did nothing wrong
except where it tells you that it's
going to break no no different video oh
there's a short circuit where I unbox
the Linux laptop I I install Steam on it
I did I did nothing I just installed
Steam on it and then it just wouldn't
boot up
again no I don't think I've seen that I
have a talent I have a talent anyway you
steam you steam and Linux in the same
room yeah the point is I'm not talking
about I'm not talking about you guys you
can do that I'm talking about your
average like Slack do gamer man like I
was at Pax one year and I was at the
Nvidia booth and they were showing off
this was when they were showing off game
stream right so their Wi-Fi uh game
streaming to the to the had they
launched the shield console yet I don't
even think so I think it was on the
little Shield portable that little
handheld Android box and there's this
guy in a bean bag chair and uh I walk up
to him and I'm like hey like how's the
latency on it and he's he's like I kid
you
not huh
I don't know that it seems like a cool
game no I'm just like dude you're in
you're in the Nvidia Booth you're trying
game stream it's not even running on
that machine that's like the whole point
it
so so I guess my point is like so you're
your your average cheater someone in
full CH said his latency was too high
was a little high it was a little a
little little high okay we were in the
Pacific Northwest all right you know he
probably okay we got a lot of uh he was
enjoying a we got a lot of oceans okay a
lot of reefs okay a lot of
reef he's a reefer this isn't fair you
can't be this on it when you're sick
you're it's not this isn't okay you got
to um my goodness anyway so so so if I
was to try to kind of profile the person
who needs to cheat at games see when I
was a kid the people who cheated at
games were like kids right because they
they didn't they weren't good or they
didn't have they didn't have time to use
the computer like I feel like that's
kind of flipped around where adults are
doing things on their phones and like
you know the kids just kind of seem to
have free reign at their computers and
stuff like the adults needed to like use
the computer like you were you were
fighting over and and in particular the
internet connection right like the the
phone line needed to stay open unless
you're I have an important call tonight
exactly you can just like be on the
internet all the time so so you would
you could you could cheat and then you
could like you could download a Diablo
trainer and then you could kind of like
have your Godly plate of the whale I'm
so sick now yeah you know go and fight
Diablo or whatever right so so so the
profile that I might have in my in my
mind for like a cheater as just like you
know an average gamer SL a kid who's not
good enough or whatever that's probably
just completely wrong right because you
got people who are obviously Savvy
enough to play a game like tarov but
obviously feel the need to cheat at it
so you've got these I guess I've talked
myself completely out of my argument now
because the amount of work that people
are see seem to be willing to put into
not doing the work there that's what I'm
trying to get at here when you and I
were growing up when we were youngans uh
cheaters were it was generally
associated with having some amount of
knowledge of like software development
even if you got the cheat from someone
else it it was it seemed like there was
some amount of Arcane knowledge like it
was a pain in the butt to figure out and
the resources to to to research it and
the amount of trouble you get in from
your parents for going on sites that
could get the computer a virus and now
it's like advertised on YouTube and
Twitter and stuff like it's it's a
totally different
realm um so I think the like hey this
isn't too bad a lot of people actually
do this like all the time is the current
Vibe and when that's the case you might
be more willing to actually try the
stuff that would be hard you know what I
mean installing Linux running them that
way
Etc okay Decimus Roman
says nothing Decimus Roman says I
suspect that part of this is that Linux
doesn't allow video game companies to
play the same games they do on windows
with memory inspection um but even then
the game was a mess on Linux and they
weren't really making progress in fixing
it do you think that Linux cheaters are
just a
scapegoat I've I've I wonder about that
a little bit
um cuz I do
know yeah the the install base for Linux
for most games tends to be really low um
I know it's not super common for for
developers to want to take Linux out of
their um you know supported operating
systems um Mac is is the worst U but
Linux is is pretty bad for that as well
I've heard that this is much less of a
problem now that steam deck is a thing
because a higher percentage of your
player base does want to be in Linux um
but I don't
know so okay hold on um Gauntlet wizard
says it does allow memory inspection in
fact
more is it just not supported by their
anti-che that's a good question I'm not
sure and again that would come back down
to just scapegoating not to put in the
resources
whoa is that scapegoating not wanting to
put in the resources no I mean I I just
mean saying because it would still be
scapegoating to say it's because of
people cheating on the platform well it
is for yeah so for if if the reason is
actually just that they they they could
deal with it but they would just have to
put in the work um to to figure out you
know better memory inspection um and I
don't though is memory inspection really
the biggest impediment though or would
it be more to do with
um I was going to say more to do with
not being allowed to just run at kernel
level willy-nilly but even they probably
like
could tons of different I I learned this
from playing tarov there's tons of
different types of cheats because you
could cheat and this would help you in
Apex Legends a lot actually is knowing
where everyone of the map is right yeah
you can do that without changing what's
in the memory you do that just by
reading the
memory I see and there's nothing you can
do to prevent something from just
reading I don't see how you'd do
that I I I don't I don't know enough
about it I think it shows up in device
manager though doesn't
it um on Windows I don't like I Gauntlet
wizard says nobody would let them have
route to access it because Linux Gamers
aren't stupid but it's like okay but
hold on a second if the game just
requires it if the game just requires it
you either don't play or you do it yeah
like what do you what is your I guess
that's my question is what is your
proposal for for anti-che then if if we
don't access this stuff if we don't lock
it down like and and I'm not saying this
is the way you know to to allow
companies to install root kits or you
know Colonel level antiche or whatever
else I'm not I'm not saying that's the
way I'm just saying okay if that isn't
the way what what's the other way like
give give me give me another
way um
it's going to be yeah Windows Colonel
expert can protect okay yeah so this is
more just like PE people are mainly
saying look this pretty much seems to
come down to Resource Management
um yeah I don't know not a cheat
developer I can't say Hardware level
encryption of processes
memory I mean we're talking about like a
complete architectural shift then at
least for you know like the open you
know standards desktop PC I mean you
could you could do that for a console or
whatever else you're not going to do
that on windows at least not for the
time being
um apparently Auto hotkey gives you
Aimbot on apex I've I've seen a couple
people talk about
that this is wild dude I I saw some
someone in the chat in float plane chat
was saying I I have a friend who's good
at uh what is it I don't remember what
it is Battlefield Cod something I don't
know some game
and basically he uses cheats because
he'll get put into lobbies that are too
sweaty and he just wants to go around
and kill people it's
like look I can't tell you B I can't
tell you who to be friends with and who
to not be friends with um but your
friend's an [__] so
yeah like that that it's mathematical I
I genuinely get suspicious ious of what
other like if they if they're if they're
okay with that what other things are
they okay with you know and that that's
a bit of a slippery slope because you're
expecting every person to be perfect but
it's like it's it's it's concerning and
it would raise a red for no there's an
easy counterargument the easy counter
argument is it's a game does it even
really matter that much and then there's
an easy counterargument to that if
someone is willing to lie or cheat or or
step on someone else when the stakes are
so low when it doesn't even matter when
it hardly impacts them at
all if it was on the line if it was a
big deal would they stand up for what's
right heck no obviously yeah like they
were willing to compromise their
principles for literally zero personal
gain
nothing I don't know just food for
thought just food for thought
yeah yeah funny hat says if you wouldn't
trust a man with a dollar would you
trust him with a million
dollars people I I there there's someone
I stopped playing badminton with um
because I was sitting behind their court
at a tournament and it was uh it was
like 2220 so it was like into Deuce
where you have to win by two points
third set and the other team hit a clear
over their head and it
obviously uh
landed out no it obviously obviously
landed in and they called it out and the
way that it works in in recreational
tournaments is that the line call is the
team that is that is on that side you
you call your own line calls because
you're closer you you're the only one
who can realistically tell there's no
line judges because we don't have you
know six people to line up down all
edges of the court and like check
everything cuz it's just wreck right
yeah
um and what you're supposed to do is if
you're not sure you replay the point
okay if there's a dispute you're
supposed to replay the point so the
other person was like uh that was
obviously in um and this this person who
I had been playing with on a fairly
regular basis was like uhuh uh uh uh uh
uh uh uh uh and like got all aggressive
about it and declared themselves the
winner of the game and the other people
being you know
non-confrontational and just being like
dude this it's a game like what is what
are we even what are we even doing here
they backed down cuz they were like this
is this is ridiculous and I was like
yeah that's uh I I I would never I will
never play with that person again I I
will never set foot on a court with that
person because you are just you're a
dishonest person uh you have shown your
character more clearly than any words
you could ever say yeah um especially in
such a like not that it makes it better
in a
competitive
uh game but like it's just it it just it
it feels almost worse that it was like a
casual recreational match yeah you know
like I just I don't know I mean in so
well and you know what no no I think
that's a fair point because in a
professional League part of the
gamesmanship like literally I had this I
had this like NHL card game when I was a
kid and um I don't ever heard of that
one of and and so what would happen is
like you could like you would it was
like a deck game and you would well I
mean any card games a deck game whatever
just calm down the point it wasn't a
deck building game it was a card game so
so you would you would draw your cards
and so you could um you could play a
shot and the other person would have to
have a save M okay or or they could play
a
hook and then uh I could play uh
um the the ref to call the hook oh okay
and then you could play behind the ref's
back and then the hook wouldn't get
called and then my shot wouldn't go in
you know like so there were like
multiple ways to defend against a goal
and so and and so I guess what I'm
trying to say is I think at a
professional level there is a there's a
certain amount of gamesmanship that
is pushing the boundaries but then
that's also why you would have a ref or
a line judge at that level of
competition exactly so I guess what I'm
trying to say is yes at a professional
level no I I I think I don't I don't
really respect it no I don't like dirty
players yeah but I also do acknowledge
that that is the expectation and that if
everyone's doing it now it's part of the
game yeah and we can we can doesn't mean
it's good the Dives in soccer are
disgusting and ridiculous extremely
detrimental to The credibility of the
sport as an outsider who actually enjoys
watching watching football there I'll
even I'll even use the proper name for
the sport out of respect women's
football soccer whatever is fun and cool
to watch they don't dive yep so as
someone as someone who thinks the game
is super cool and at least I don't see a
lot of it and I'm used to hockey you
know so I'm not going to be I'm not one
of the one of those Americans who's like
I watch basketb if there's no scoring
for like 18 seconds I'm bored like
what's happening why is why why why is
anybody scoring but that's so big like I
like I don't even mind it I don't even
mind it I come from hockey I'll watch a
zero I'll watch a nil nil game all the
time no problem um I I mean I prefer
scoring I I think we all do but but but
but I like the tension you know I like
the tension but it yeah really it really
takes me out of it dude it takes me out
of it in a big way when when it just
feels like instead of watching a a a
sports competition I'm watching a
freaking like high school level acting
competition yeah it's pathetic I I was
trying to get into it at one point in
time yeah if I wanted to watch I just
immediately turn it off the second
someone I'd watch YouTuber apology video
duels that' actually be kind of a funny
uh a funny concept for video how well
would ours do uh I don't know I didn't
PewDiePie review it did he I think so I
don't know I think so I have no idea I
wonder what he
said I don't remember I probably looked
at it at some point
L apology MC lean says well you're still
around hey all right then I guess uh
then I guess I guess I'd probably do
pretty
okay
um what
now how big is this Crea oh no what what
is this what is this what is this 2.4
million
yeah is this seriously the last video
they uploaded too like what what is this
this left it off on a banger dude 2.4
million views I didn't mean to click on
the video chimu lmg clips or oh
man what is this what are you looking
at now that's content baby
how did they how did they get my brain
in
videos I didn't expect
that
relatable what the heck oh man Dan hit
me with that before I forget is that my
key thanks oh okay oh man I forgot what
I was even trying to find entire chat is
just like
you know what let it out let it out yeah
yeah why not be in the Tuesday it's
healthy I'll be in the
screaming oh my goodness all right um so
here's my here's my last sort of
question coming back to the whole is it
just because Linux Gamers or cheaters um
I guess if it's just like a if it's just
like a scapegoat thing Linux people
Linux people are cheaters uh or or if
it's just and and the real reason is we
don't feel like doing the work then why
are so many other anti-che games not
bothering is it also just because they
don't feel like stuff uh I wouldn't be
too surprised um I'd be interested to
hear from actual anti-che developers
because honestly I don't know but I'm
I'm thinking about you know how much
work it is to even try to keep up with
the cheating community as anti-che
developers uh because you're you're kind
of like I'm making assumptions here not
an anti-che developer you're kind of you
have to sort of be reactive yeah oh I
would think so that sucks I mean you're
going to try to get out ahead of it but
like I'm sure you have some developers
that are pushing to try to get ahead
some developers that are pushing to try
to be reactive but we've talked about
this before where certain departments
are Revenue generating departments and
other departments are considered you
know more like boat anchor departments
and if I'm if I'm a game developer I'm
looking at my anti-che not as a revenue
generation department but as like a as
as a burden as something that I need to
well usually anti-che is a separate
company um sorry but you're you're still
going to sorry sorry sorry uh you're
still going to have internal people that
are responsible for the implementation
you're still going to have internal
people that are uh working to make sure
that the game actually functions with
the third party um and so this is
something that by and large and there's
still going to be a limit to how much
you're going to want to pay your third
party anti cheet so in terms of the the
investment you're making an anti-che
it's not EA going to pay 50% more to
have Linux compatible to counter to
counter how much cheat developers can
charge for their services right so what
we're looking at is a situation where
the investment in cheating software is
is a revenue generating Department an
exciting Department whereas the
investment in anti-che is like a
burdensome we have to do this so we can
sell more hopefully the the the players
GFF yeah exactly um and so you're always
going to I I just feel like you're
always going to be on the back foot that
way um and and there there's a really
there's a really unpleasant comment in
the float plane chat someone said
because they're lazy and that is just so
unfair to developers I I have had the
pleasure of meeting of meeting some game
developers and I haven't met a single
one that I would characterize as just
lazy yeah um in fact they've felt to me
and this is based on limited
interactions none of them are my best
friends or anything did you meet the
developers sorry yeah like that this is
a person who their job is do development
yeah well they're not picking their
tasks well I know that's what I'm
getting to Luke he ruined the thing I'm
working on whole setup here I do
specialize at that yeah I mean but but
what I'm trying to say is like they've
seemed in every case passionate um and a
lot of the time if they're not getting
resources if they're not getting time
they're not getting tasked thank you
Luke on on these things that will that
will improve the game for their
Community well it comes down to the bean
counters that that comes from somewhere
to defend potentially the bean counters
sometimes there are business realities
that there's nothing they can do about
if we spend all this time and all this
money on this thing that like four
people care about it will cost us an
opportunity over here it will come at to
the detriment of these other things can
I no longer hire a person to help this
other overworked person we have on the
team uh can we not give good raises this
year do we have to lay people off
because we're out of money um these are
questions that be en counters are trying
to dude that monolith tour it's rough
out there right now that monolith tour
was so cool um like the the number of
the of the of of the game I wouldn't say
necessarily all of them were devs but
devs and artists um the number of the
people that worked on the game that were
like so multi hated and um like they
literally did their own combat Mo cap
just like people who worked in the
studio who were
like I like train karate on my own time
I'm going in the moap room to like fight
with people and like d so sick that is
so cool that was that was a really cool
thing that we did um speaking of things
being rough out there dude did you see
Warner Brothers said they lost $100
million um Lo hold on lost 100 million
I'm working on it uh they lost yeah here
we go multivers and quittage champions
together a and flip Lan chat said it's
rough when you do bad decisions don't
disagree I will also say and I'm not
saying that you don't I'm just I think
sometimes a lot of the feedback that you
hear from that is people that don't make
that level of
decision it's also really easy to look
at those level of decisions in hindsight
and be like yeah that was obviously
stupid I've done stuff that was
obviously stupid in hindsight am
I I don't know can you think of anything
uh
yeah we can move on
[Laughter]
yeah we're good I think I broke him
we're good I think I broke him I think
there's there's so many things running
to his brain right now it's actually
reached a runaway State and he can't
bring it back under
control okay what were we even talking
about we were talking about the hard
incident oh
my uh which was not that word okay it
was not that word yeah that's not a word
that I believe exists in myab in my life
to to aqual or whatever trust me I get
it and there's a lot of scenarios where
I feel like even if if we're not
thinking in a hindsight sense I'm
looking at some of the things some of
these companies are doing I'm like oh my
that's so incredibly dumb and I
mean it happens I'm not defending all of
it I'm just saying sometimes like I
don't know it doesn't it's it's not
automatically that this person was just
like being a malicious jerk um sometimes
they're just trying to deal with the
cards they have and they don't have a
great option and they do the one they
think is best and none of them were good
and that one sucks and people are mad
and it's what was that channel that you
were talking about that like takes apart
the bags and stuff oh yeah uh did you
watch that because you just like the
taste of leather so much or
what I just I just couldn't help
noticing that out of the two of us for
some reason you're the corporate boot
liquor no I'm just I'm I'm giving them a
hard time goodness I'm giving Luke's
trying to say is that everyone everyone
human and I mean that at a variety of
levels too right we could be talking
about a small indie game with two people
or one person um and I and I mean that
all the way up I suspect the more the
company size grows the more it is
malicious and bad and dumb decisions I
think the more it is attached too
exactly um you have people that don't
care about the thing that they're making
they just want more money and you have
people who don't know who the people
working on it are absolutely they don't
see them they don't interact with them
every day like these these are
absolutely things I'm just saying like I
don't know anyway WB Games um lost 100
million on multivers and quiddit
champions can I just say for a moment
that I would be happy Warner Brothers I
would be happy to work as a consultant
for you okay and if you'd like for the
small fee of $99 million oh okay I would
be happy to tell you that whether you
should make a game or not yeah yeah yeah
and quited
champions let me let me get let me let
me it a pretty obvious
no speaking of speaking of uh uh bad
decisions that we don't need hindsight
to have known whether or not I don't
know anything about this game not even
sort of surprised it didn't do well why
would you buy a Quidditch game quidditch
literally is a sport one of the worst
thought of sports that was invented by
someone who hates Sports I didn't know
that I'm not surprised thinks they're
stupid and went out of their way to to
make a like a um just terribly designed
game uh what What's the word it's it's
it's it's not parody the it's satire
it's it's it's like it's it's it's or
maybe it is parody I don't know it's
whatever the word I'm looking for it is
it's it is intent caricature that's
pretty good thanks ninja dude it's a
caricature of sport it it emphasizes the
the weird tribalism to the point where
people are cheering when people get
seriously injured or almost killed it it
has intentionally arbitrary rules to
sort of to to highlight how utterly
arbitrary the rules can feel sometimes
especially if you don't really
understand Sports and you don't care to
learn about them like it it is it is
intentionally stupid and intentionally
makes no sense and this is something
that isn't even just like a like a
retcon oh yeah you know I totally
intended for that plot hole um or you
know I intended for those characters to
have an unspoken relationship or you
know whatever this isn't just some like
random inserted in an interview 5 years
after the fact this was was like well
established right early on yeah
quidditch is [__] stupid and that's
totally on purpose um
yeah and also like it was one of those
games I remember reading about it
because there was pretty much no way for
them to win on this because to make the
game um true to the sport right like in
the novels and in the movies you you
have to it would have to suck yes and
you would and so you would anger a lot
of the hardcore fans of you know the
Harry Potter Universe right and and then
to make a balanced game that would
actually play like a decent game at all
um well yeah basically have to
completely change oh right right right
right right so if you make a balanced
game you'll you'll you'll screw up with
the hardcores and if you make the game
the way that it was in the novels and
the way it was in the movies it'll be
completely unplayable to any gamer who's
like knows what a rule set is and how
they yeah raen 428 says they should have
just done Calvin ball at that point dude
yeah I would play the [__] out of Calvin
ball like okay why not because Bill
Waton would never license it that's why
that makes
sense Bill William if I may you know
what no I disagree hold on okay hold on
William
okay how about this as a deal how about
this as a deal
okay you license Calvin h wait wait wait
wait you license Calvin and
Hobbs stop
it but but the not for-profit
organization that runs it okay has like
all the safeguards okay it has like
capped executive pay for the people who
M stop it for the people who manage the
IP okay it
contributes literally 100% of its of its
yearly proceeds to the foundation or the
cause of your choice um in perpetuity
and and and and it just it contributes
in some way in some way just nothing but
good to the world with all the profits
that it me give me a Hobs
toy I think I think based Bill Waton
understands that given
the erosion of time and entropy all
things are able to become corrupted and
wasted well then he knows that as soon
as he dies it's going to happen
anyway hold on as long as you can or or
don't live to see your your thing that
you made ruined or instead of writing
don't allow The Hobbit to be made in
video in movie form instead of writing
that
weird picture book or whatever spend
your time spend your time like making it
make setting it up for coolness before
you go man because the world needs
morein just did it that'd be cool well
he doesn't want to he's like retired no
unretire well I would like that too
make yeah better this time
please don't make that thing what up
dude Steal You me yeah
for what I guess
hello State your request over here what
hello oh oh hi uh okay is this live
right now yeah why are you doing this
Dan I don't know anymore okay bye all
right uh Dan do you have merch messages
for me so he can go run away BRB one sec
okay bye what topic are we even on I
don't remember I don't uh EA ditching
Linux I don't know how we got where
we're at oh this makes this kind of suck
it is what it is though all right I'm
really
not we'll uh we'll do what we can
anyways uh yeah sure you guys should go
away there we go yeah leave please thank
you I love
you uh okay let's see what do I got what
do I got okay I am so out of it today
I'm so sorry it's okay okay what we it's
okay what do we have I know that there
was something dude so I have to i' I've
so the W Show's been ending slightly
early for quite a while because I've had
to do bird meds every day 12 hours
apart because it's 12 hours apart and
you know you have to go to work it's
basically determined that the latest it
could be in the morning is like
8:30 um so we do birds Med bird meds at
8:30 in the morning that means 12 hours
later we have to do bird meds at 8:30 at
night my my girlfriend's going to be
away this weekend so I've had to try to
learn how to do bird meds alone we've
had this we've had this strategy where I
catch them she gives the medicine we're
good we we make the room really dark
they have really bad dark vision uh
humans have generally Better Dark Vision
I can see them I can catch them no
problem and I hold them with two hands
so I have a very nice hold on them where
there's no pressure at all they're
mostly just like standing on one of my
fingers while I'm just not allowing them
to leave and I nicely hold their head in
place and everything's all good and safe
and they're generally okay with it I now
have to catch them entirely holding them
in one hand and then medicine feed them
with my other hand which is the
traditional way to do it it's a hard
thing to learn I'm figuring that out
right now that's been uh that's been a
that's been a trip um ask for help um
like from
who who's going to be able to help me at
8:30 in the morning in my house um what
if the other bird helped
yeah oh we got line back already we
didn't even get to do a merch message be
a maneuver that was so
fast what did you do sound like my wife
again
you what what did you
do
was you good me yeah yeah I got my chips
okay yeah yeah yeah yeah that's good all
right just making sure Canada hasn't
been invaded
yet it's great life is good uh what are
we talking about
uh I don't think we actually got to IM
mer mes I was I was buying time we do
actually have to explain merch messages
and do a couple so this is probably are
we du to do that okay hey
messages the best way to interact with
the show it's merch messages or just I
don't know rolling up and interrupting
apparently because that's what Jake does
what a what a guy what a flipping guy so
we don't do twitch bits we don't do
super chats we do merch messages because
the way that we see it if you're going
to throw money at your screen hey your
screen should throw something right back
in your
face that's
right what what did you just throw I
don't know it was Heavy though wasn't it
yeah it was pretty exciting um so the
point is that all you got to do to send
a merch message which will go to
producer Dan over here I wasn't aiming
at you Dan no it's exploded all over the
floor it's fine it's fine yeah yeah it's
did you sound like my wife
now who don't take a black light home
the point
is the point is that all you got to do
is go on LTT store.com
throw something in your cart you'll see
a little box for Merch messages you can
leave a merch message it'll go to
producer Dan he'll forward it to someone
answer it himself he'll pop it up on the
bottom of the screen or he will curate
it for me and Luke to respond to live on
the show you don't have to do that
anymore do what you got an operation and
everything yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
100% 100% now it's just for
fun all right maybe we can wrap up this
segment and get into some merch messages
well that's what I should have done yeah
that wouldn't be a problem I know I'm
tell you you can't be this on it when
you're sick you're setting an unfair bar
I'm never going to be able to do the W
show what I'm saying it's
ridiculous
um so anyway it's in the it's in the
cart you check out your merch mess
something we'll reply to it curated
merch messages Dan do you want to show a
couple of them how it works sure sure
sure uh lonus do you still Hold Your
Meme stock or did you end up selling it
all uh Ivonne took it from me at some
point because we needed to shift some
cash around at some point um I think we
lost money it was way after the fact I
remember that yeah um I remember you I I
think one of you told me and I was like
oh you like still had that the
investment account is empty now not
because we lost
everything was it did it come out flat I
actually legitimately don't remember
anymore but Ivonne needed to move
everything that was out of that sort of
play money investment account that she
let me have um and she needed to do
something responsible oh I think uh to
buy the smash Champs building building
yeah probably yeah I think it was
probably the down payment for smash
Champs is okay so what okay so I hear
you when you say the the investment
account is empty and I I understand how
that functionally works but when you
have things like the the nas company and
framework like is that because those are
different forms of so so the when I say
the investment account is empty Market
that yeah yeah okay so I own
literally 0 of stocks in the market
however I think uh I think I have uh an
investment in a Reit uh I forget I
forget what it stands for Real Estate
something T something it's some kind of
like term deposit thing and they like
invest in real estate on your behalf or
something something like that um so I I
have I have a small amount in a Reit um
I I have the
approximately uh quarter m in framework
like 2 220 or 225 or something like that
uh it's a similar amount in um I don't
know if they have they they've announced
their names right the name ashte well
now it's announced I think so I think
there's even a website in the nas yeah
in the nas software company um and that
I have real estate holdings and then I
own stocks in lonus Media Group Inc this
thing yeah hex hexos ashtech yeah it's
down at the bottom of the page yeah yeah
so so that that is that is it
um it's one of those things where I
think that there would definitely have
been opportunities for me to do
extremely well in tech stocks um but it
has seemed a
inconvenient and be extremely um
unethical morally questionable to
participate
um I wanted to buy Nvidia back when it
was like $17 when I worked at
NC that would have been a pretty good
move
yeah it is what it is but yeah you you
know you know how it is I think yeah I
think holding framework like Ultra Mega
longterm is a little bit different than
like tech stocks Diamond hands those are
very frame the framework was was a I
wonder what the technical value of that
investment is now I don't know I was
going to say narv offered to tell me
last time I saw him when I was at
computex and I was like dude I actually
don't want to know yeah it's not going
to change anything yeah and the reality
of it is even if it even if it doubled
even if it
quadrupled um it's not it's not uh going
to impact our business in any meaningful
way like uh we're we're not um salar
we're not cash strapped um it's not like
we're it's it's not like we like have a
troubl making payroll um you know and
and I feel like now is a good time just
like shout out the team like massive
massive shout out to the merch team
business team content team uh did we
talk about this last week we had we had
an all hands was that we talked about in
the All Hands yeah we had an all hands
earlier this week and um was that this
week was it this week a long week dude
was it this
week uh yeah holy crap oh my that's
crazy
no I'm glad oh no that's not okay that
that's actually wild we all should not
feel like that I'm upset that's actually
upsetting what a week that's crazy um
okay we have it's weird it's weird that
the beginning of Co feels like it was
like a couple years ago but this week
feels like it was a month long yeah I
could have guessed at least two or three
weeks yeah so we had an all hands this
week and uh I was I was the one of the
quarterly speakers it was mine and
yvon's turn from the exec team to to
speak in addition to sort of Taran
giving opening and closing remarks and
great power point uh thank you thank you
very much uh I drew our building on fire
um and my my my point was there's a lot
of headwinds coming for us and um so
what we should just give up so it was
kind of a it was kind of a little talk
about resilience um for the team and in
both directions um you know talking
about the resilience we're going to need
to have going forward and also
celebrating the resilience that we have
shown uh over the last realistically the
last few years which have has involved a
hypergrowth phase and a shrink phase and
then a more gradual reaing our way back
to where we were phase and um and I I
took a little bit of time to to shout
out um some of the teams that have been
essential for that um for that kind kind
of I don't I don't know what to I don't
know what to call it other than just
like um like a getting back on track
right um like LTT uh I think I had said
was within like 15% 10% within 10% of of
where views were like sort of last July
last June last July um the overall
company like the entire portfolio I
think was in was within like 15 or 20%
viewership wise uh float plane massive
massive shout out to the float plane
team uh to the social team so Sammy if
you if you floaters are watching all
those exclusives Sam's killing it man
crushing I've really been enjoying
crushing it the floe content um and and
you and you know I mean like Sammy
doesn't operate in a vacuum you know you
got to give you got to give credit to
the behind the scenes folks right like
obviously there there's the editors you
know the Community Management like chewy
there's the guys that are working on
strategy from the business team um that
helping with all this stuff yeah huge
shout out business team but basically
like every team he kind of
been resilient um was was what I what I
had wanted to talk about and I forget
where I started on all of this do does
anyone remember what the question was I
don't think I remember anymore Dan do
you still hold meme stocks oh yeah right
um yeah I don't remember how I got here
but anyway the team is amazing and thank
you all oh right float plane is back
almost up to 40,000
40,000 members which is which is pretty
nuts kind of unbelievable yeah you know
if you think about it cuz that we we
spiked up that high because of the the
YouTube
hack um and then we you know we thought
it was going to decline after the
YouTube hack because it was such a crazy
Spike and we thought that people were uh
at least some of the people coming in
had no long-term intentions even before
they saw the platform we were hoping
that some of them were going to see it
and be like oh this is actually pretty
cool I'm going to stay um that did seem
to happen to a surprisingly large
percentage of them but some people were
just going to naturally naturally Fade
Out um but to be back up to near YouTube
hack levels is like
whoa pretty nuts do you remember why I
was talking about the All Hands cuz I
don't I got distracted by the fact that
I thought that that was like a month ago
no okay cool well anyway um oh we you
you were talking about how the company
doesn't need the money uh oh yeah
framework
yeah okay so the um the framework thing
yeah how did that how did that figure
into that I don't know uh CU we were
talking about Investments you were
talking about how you you could try to
sell we were talking about do you do you
know the valuation of your investment oh
yeah I have no idea yeah yeah I have no
idea and uh and it doesn't matter oh
right and it doesn't matter because I
was talking to the team about how like
we're kind of back baby yeah um good we
had two separate threads
two yes I saw this with a bunch of
upvotes I think it was either I think it
was last week on the subreddit that were
like yo have you been just like really
enjoying the content lately and people
were like yeah it's been it's been and
you know what it's
been it's been really heartening uh for
the team like today I I read out what I
thought was just a really cool comment
on um on one of plof recent videos um
what what was it oh yeah I know what one
you're talking about you do I think I
know the comment you're talking about
yeah you do how could you possibly know
this did you did you read through
Chewy's uh oh no you social report you
sent me a comment oh no it's a different
one oh um so this was on uh almost
nobody else has the world's best
TV and uh they go this channel is
running on all cylinders again the
creativity of the Skits the edgy jokes
the efficient means of delivering useful
information the creation of a culture
for Tech LT is putting out some great
stuff lately lus seems like he's in a
flow State it's good to see honestly I
hope you continue to create a reputation
for Quality transparency and fun you
guys are killing it um that doesn't
happen with lonus in a flow state right
like that happens when you've got
resilience that happens when you've got
people working hard caring a lot um and
just kind of and and just kind bearing
down and getting it done and when I say
bearing down and getting it done that
doesn't mean that you have to
like be in like a like a frantic like
you know horrible State all the time it
means it means focusing on what we need
to be doing and not allowing yourself to
get distracted by by negativity or by um
by things that don't matter you know by
by little details unimportant stuff
unimportant details little details as
well is is when generally when
commenters make comments like lonus
feels like he's in a flow state or input
pretty much anyone else's public facing
name it's really what I think they're
generally saying not always obviously
but what they're generally saying is
like the the personification of this
person which is a bunch of people in the
company in a trench coat is doing well
if that makes sense like the this person
and the supporting teams around them are
doing well and to be
clear not everything is perfect no right
of course not never will be we're not
perfect not everything is going
according to plan and we still make
mistakes sometimes um yep like I think
we called a ryzen 7 or ryzen 5 or
something like core Ultra 5 285k which
is not its name yep yep and uh I also
misspoke at the beginning of video where
I was like AMD doesn't really make ryzen
fivs and ryzen 3es anymore we were
literally reviewing a ryzen 5 my point
was AMD doesn't really make low-end
chips in their current generation
anymore they just like don't bother the
earlier ryzen Generations AMD brought
their latest tech they brought their
aame to budget consumers and now they
just don't do it and I misspoke I said
ryzen 5 and ryzen 3 when what I meant
was ryzen 3 and a very
limited lineup of ryzen 5es because
they've just kind of hollowed out their
low end and I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry um
it doesn't change my point and yeah I
should make sure that we're actually you
know saying the right words at the right
times in the right order
um but yeah I think we're um I think
we're doing a lot right overall and uh I
think that there's definitely going to
be some some some tweaks for us to
continue to make I think that having the
having like the the leadership team in
to kind of help focus on the business
things that need to be done so that I
can do what I do best which is focus on
the content has overall been a very good
thing even though it's been it's been a
learning curve it's been a learning
curve I had uh honestly yeah I mean
whatever I might as well just say I had
I had a you
know somewhat short
conversation with another member of the
leadership team this morning you know
this morning yep we we kind of we kind
of chatted through um you know
what what my expectations were in in
about a certain thing and like what
their expectations were and
how we both probably didn't meet each
other's expectations in a way that was
conducive to putting forward the best
work that we both could together um and
it was
constructive that's good but that's the
thing is nobody's perfect yeah nobody's
perfect yeah and I I speaking of the
nobody's perfect thing like like I said
we're always going to make mistakes as a
company there's always going to be you
know I don't know we're going to do our
best it needs to be better than it is
right now but there's always going to be
some line here that you know all core
Ultra 5 there's always going to be that
in every once in a while like it's
nobody's perfect right
but Community wanted that from us for a
while so I've I've been in this honestly
toxic habit of checking the LTT
subreddit once every couple days in this
like what thing is being why are we
being called demonic entities this time
and it's been a nice shift in the last
few months where it's just actually like
LOL some meme or like hey this video is
pretty cool and it's like
oh we're not evil well I think by and
large they figured out that's great they
figured out that um we're like mostly
trying it's just it was yeah yeah it's
it's a lot nicer and you know again I'm
not expecting people to not not give
constructive or or critical feedback
when there is constructive or critical
feedback to give Etc it's just it was it
was
popular and welcomed and praised to crap
on us for like a year oh it still is in
some places depending where you go to be
fair yeah yeah yeah it's it's like it's
kind of comical at this point cuz it's
like yeah there are there certain do you
have any idea what other kinds of
entities there are in the world that you
could direct this energy at like
are you even are you even trying to find
something to be legitimately angry about
at this point are you just like have you
ever thought about food some random oh
man yeah have youever looked at what
goes in your
food oh wow have you ever looked into
palm
oil you know like do you know do you
know what canola oil stands for no
um I looked this up recently
where is
it where's its actual name but now it's
like Canada oil or something like that
no way yeah um I think you made that up
where did canola oil get its name from
it stands for Canada oil low acid no way
yeah a name created by a Canadian
Industry Group of rape seed oil
producers the canola plant is a type of
rape seed that is low in two compounds
that when removed makes his oil
healthier and taste better probably cuz
saying the name of the seed just sucks
want come up with somethingand yeah that
makes sense made out of Orphan killing
plant yeah I I would I would want to
rename that personally maybe we should
uh go back to the marketing table you
know that would get renamed super fast
very quickly I would I would this oil
it's going to it's going to
going to oil you in the mouth don't
worry about it whoa let's let's let's
rename that yeah let's rename that but
we oil into some announcements oh man
yeah um is that what we're supposed to
be doing did we do two merch messages we
did one merch message for 45 minutes and
now we're going to do the announcements
and then probably move on to another
topic oh wow okay okay announcements I
can see the Reddit threads now we're
already back to being evil again yeah
it's a it's a new RW um so
why why don't you grab why don't you
grab a hood okay because I think it's
time to relax and get cozy oh I'm
actually yeah this is great we went all
in on making your new favorite hoodie
the aply named super soft hoodie it's
made of a butri smooth fabric that our
fashion team absolutely fell in love
with along with a brushed fleece inside
that feels Luxx curiously soft it also
features a custom big chunk draw cord
with an LT logo engraved in the end that
adds a nice little accent hold on I'm
going to go to the Luke cam you want to
show them the big chunk no too comfy oh
my God okay um he's really going to be
like that about it what big chunk I
wasn't even paying attention the big
chunk draw cord oh these are sweet yeah
sure yeah there you go there's the big
so they're like actually huge yeah like
the the metal at the end is it's she's
Chun she's chunk do we have do we have
an example of like a normal sweater I
don't know cuz these These are actually
like I have big hands big fingers that's
my finger next to it yeah they're
they're chunky they're chunky you'll
have to take my word for it um and of
course we have a nice soft Kanga pocket
to stick your hands into and something
that we go out of our way to add on our
hoodies a more secure pocket for your
phone or earbuds you want to show them
our classic phone pocket there it is
basically we wanted to make a hoodie
that you didn't even have to think twice
about throwing on we even chose a color
that works with just about any outfit
like if you throw the tech bro vest on
top of this guy you're looking snazzy
and warm oh okay he's going to do that
it's available now at lmg
Doggs super
soft which this is apparently a thing I
had to get educated I this is a thing
huh I didn't know that people wore vests
over sweaters okay yeah it's called a
sweater vest what are you an idiot no
it's not it's not called that sweater
vest is a thing it's a vest that's a
sweater so yeah tech tech bro he going
to be boiling in like 4 seconds but I'm
going to overheat he'll wear it for as
long as he can and die yeah we're in the
studio we're under the lights it's not
it's not a good time for a warm boy like
Luke to be wearing something like that
how quickly do you think Emma will steal
this oh oh I I were you there Dan will
it even make it inside the door the
second I even felt it I already was here
and I was like I'm going to have this
for the WAN show and then it won't be
mine anymore like yeah immediately when
I get home it's gone which which kind of
sucks cuz it's actually really nice yeah
got him but um anyway all right so
here's the uh here's the photo shoot for
it super
cute love it it's gen it's like the name
is quite accurate it's genuinely very
there the chunky draw cord yeah we're
we're really proud of this one we're
really happy with how this one turned
out are there any other announcements
Dan oh no way they didn't include a pick
of the inside on the website can you
give us a closeup oh yeah uh yeah sure
Luke cam I don't know how close we're
going to be able to get to it um but
it's a it's a brushed it's a brushed
style yeah so not like the French terry
like we've done on a lot of our other
hoodies yeah there's one more
announcement Elijah week plus five for
five what does that mean this week is a
big week on float plane it's not only
Eli week but we are releasing five float
plane exclusives next week that is five
videos in one week for your $5 monthly
subscription oh it says react to this oh
no Dan what oh do I got to pull
something up do we have audio uh can't
be worse than what we were calling
canola
oil uh yeah if you want to just play it
I can check that's the word for it I
Luke I don't I don't make the rules
America will hear us if you keeps saying
that word America oil eagle
sounds yeah that's what they sound
like isn't that a red tailed hawk it's
like not even an eagle I don't know uh
whatever um okay we watching so I'm
playing the thing I have no audio okay I
have audio we okay we ready you got it
all right lonus laptop here we go
announcing Elijah week and
more hold on I'm going to get there it's
finally my week here at float plane it's
about damn time I get some recognition
for all the hard work I put in here you
can do
this this is your week this is your week
everyone has to do what I say this week
I basically run this company yeah so
what was that meeting for he just walked
in and I shook his hand what's this for
what did I dis approve you know it's
time for some big changes what are you
doing with my desk just go check out
these teasers I would have never gotten
into it if it wasn't for watching LTT I
did not get hired because of this script
that's going to be the best part about
this so then I got hired in logistics if
Elijah wins he gets a lunch given by me
and pay for by the company if Alliance
wins he saves $25 because no one gets
[Music]
lunch and immediately found a spelling
mistake in like the first sentence and
I'm like when did Tech link officially
launch probably launched between like
2005 and 2024 questions about the
content he I did I did and he still got
it wrong you're asking me also about the
content 12 years ago it's our popular
videos you know that means nobody
watches
the no sorry go ahead let me finish go
ahead yeah nobody watches the popular
[Laughter]
videos oh man so uh go ahead and
subscribe on float plane if you guys
want to check out Elijah week all right
Dan hit us with another merch message
right no we uh we should probably get
straight into sponsors we won't have
enough time for all these lovely topics
oh um all right fine the show is brought
to you by thingiverse do you need a
little help squeezing that Big Tool into
tight
spots really our sponsor thingiverse has
you covered he does not you can 3D print
an
adapter really really Dan you can 3D
print an adapter for our LT water bottle
to make it fit in that tiny cup holder
and not just the cup holder the they
have the world's largest online library
of 3D printing models to help you find
anything from a water bottle handle to
this LT fan Grill no way oh that is so
cool that's sweet or you can create your
own designs and share them with the
global thing of Earth Community for
feedback we even used their site earlier
this year in that video where we 3D
printed some Hardline water cooling plus
you can win prizes in their regular
contests by showcasing Your Design
skills thanks to its easy to use design
thingiverse has helped Millions dive
into 3D printing and become experts
along the way thingiverse is always
growing and getting better so look for
new features that will make 3D printing
easier than ever check out thingiverse
at the link in the video
description the show is also brought to
you by C Sonic our thumbnail might have
been fried this week but your computer
shouldn't
be
okay which is why you should use a power
supply from our sponsor C Sonic if
you've watched line of Tech tips you've
probably seen cic's power supplies in
many of our builds over the years oh we
left the sticker on in that b-roll shot
that's because seic offers topnotch
reliability efficiency and long-lasting
performance to keep your computer
running smoothly if you're building
something that requires a lot of power
you can check out the latest Prime ATX
3.1 series it's designed to power the
newest PC components that require ATX
3.1 and pcie 5.1 standards and add up to
2200 Watts there's enough power to
support up to 4
490s its fully modular design means less
cable clutter and better ventilation and
if you ever have issues just Reach Out
seic offers up to a 12year warranty so
check out cic's Prime PX ATX 3.1 and all
their other great power supplies at the
link in the video
description finally the show is brought
you by notion are you tired of juggling
a bunch of different apps at work yes
avoid those risky circus acts and be the
ring master of your domain with our SP
spor no is that you Luke yeah um what am
I doing at the top you're balancing on
my head okay well yeah I just me in the
face I'm making what is up with that oh
you're just you're having a very good
time my head it's a powerful tool that
combines your notes docs and projects
into one space you can even view all
your files directly on the platform and
keep everything synced up with storage
services like Dropbox or Google Drive
and to make it easier to find your files
their AI connectors feature designed to
enhance searching capabilities is now in
beta speaking speak of AI their new
notion AI is a single AI tool that does
it all search across notion and other
apps generate docs in your own style
analyze PDFs and images and chat with
you about anything it's powered by chat
gp4 and Claude and to protect your
privacy their AI partners are
contractually prohibited from using your
data to train their models it's super
easy to use and notion helps you save
time by letting you focus on what really
matters try notion for free when you go
to notion.com slw that's all lowercase
letters notion.com slw to try the
powerful and easy to use
notion all right Dan topics yeah I think
we'll do some more topics Ms paint is
the
future is it cool again I don't know
maybe Dan's about to tell us oh Dan do
you need a
minute Dan needs no
minutes needs maybe one minute he has
all the minutes he needs he's powerful
like that needs no minutes our Dan is
the best
Dan no offense to other
Dan yeah he's the real Dan that's why he
stood up just now we even have other Dan
to help us get the actually oh okay
that's actually really not fair we have
some other really great Dan um we have
the best danss we have all the greatest
Dans our Dan my friends called me and
they're like wow you have such great Dan
your Dan
um yeah yeah we've got uh the jokes are
back we've got Dan Bess Dan seagull
Denis
impostor Dan
Dake uh okay so what am I doing here am
I am I screen sharing so this as far as
my understanding goes has the uh
generative AI paint stuff and it has the
AI notepad tools all right so and that
laptop is now Luke's laptop so you can
send it over to the main screen oh I
nope NP that's mine neat new AI
experiences for paint and notepad Okay
so paint version 11241
10280 yeah you couldn't have just
fantastic yeah sure uh generative Phil a
powerful New Creation tool designed to
help make your artistic process more fun
and
intuitive okay now that is bliss and
this is this is actually this is this is
our demo right like we did this this
isn't a no no this is on Microsoft
website oh this is what no no I'm just
learning I'm learning about it first
don't learn if you don't like what was
generated just press try again wow it
will be available on Snapdragon powered
co-pilot plus PCS blah blah sign in your
Microsoft account Etc ooh generative
erase okay make it look like the object
was never there very cool very cool so
let's see gone let's go update to
co-creator up okay notepad I don't know
if I care as much about let's play
around with paint shall we Luke do you
want to be the this was what
oh um okay so what should we what should
we put in it what should we put in it uh
I want I want to play with it get it to
generate your car generate my car how
the how the devil am I going to get it
to do that generate the world's
most flashy self-important Porsche that
you can that that you that it can
really Luke okay well we'll have to
start with image Creator then rather
than the actual generative fill features
whoops clicked the wrong one again okay
so image Creator uh man I haven't really
used paint much you know lately yeah I
was kind of wondering like will this
feature get people to actually use paint
again because I I feel like paint's kind
of a bit of a dead meme so is notepad to
be honest but
okay so I want
aan with a debrand W I mean that's
that's what I drive right perfect so
let's see what it comes up with I I
don't I don't think it's going to come
up with anything this is like a licensed
you know thing potentially wow it's it
needs a second here give it give it a
second we're generating we're
generating okay all right yeah I mean I
mean yeah that's that's pretty good okay
well here let's cuz we didn't we didn't
say like yeah we didn't say the color
let's say let's say it's
purple that that that's pretty good that
is pretty that is pretty good that's a
very strong start we didn't say it was
purple we also didn't say what skin it
looks like a car with a weird custom
it's got kind of uh similar headlights
it's missing the like cheetah tier thing
a little bit it gives you Porsche Vibes
though oh yeah def oh 100% okay yeah
that one that one does too okay okay
sure uh okay purple um textur Damascus
steel cool we're getting close yeah
we're getting more
specific debrand wrap okay man that
that's not bad okay so let's get our
let's get our base image here and then
we
can and then we
can do some generative fill maybe we
maybe we could put a person in the thing
or like make your wheels the your face
w w
oh okay which one do we like the best I
feel like that first one's like getting
kind of close I feel like this one's
cooler I do feel like that one's cooler
dude that that's super cool I just think
that one's more lore accurate you know
okay all right that one's got some wacky
glitches going on the uh yeah look at
this uh look at this situation here yeah
and I think the wheel is like in the
headlight kind of all right okay so
we're going we're going to go with this
guy sure or or the cool one I just I
think this this one's more accurate that
one's pretty sick they're both cool
let's go with this one let's go with
this one okay so uh we going to put you
in it or should you be like crouching in
front of it well I don't know Luke I
don't know describe what you'd like to
create uh okay so style wait no this is
generated art preview image Creator
co-creator okay well wait do I how how
do I uh how do I do any of this I guess
I could have Dan do you know uh no I
assume that what you would do is you
would do a lasso like uh you've got the
selection tool there if you do the drop
down and then go like uh free form there
go and then like highlight something so
I'm going to I'm going to ask to put a
person like there I guess and then
generator fil if you hit the button uh
just underneath the lasso there you go
so you could erase or gener fil wow
that's nice and intuitive I just guessed
yeah do it describe would you like to
add like uh okay uh
person's head driving this car okay sure
create yeah she's uh she's cooking doing
something she's
cooking I feel like it's too slow to
engage the children Maybe not maybe not
no cuz part of
the that could be part of the
fun no they look like they're like in
the not in the driver's
seat
well technically I didn't say they need
to be in the driver's SE they're not
really in any seat they're I just said
they need to be driving the car me
before Cofe they could
be they're like sitting on the armrest
kind
of I need that as a profile picture
that's going to be my new team's profile
Pi that is so good his hand too did they
not figure the hand thing I didn't say
that he needed to be looking at the road
oh he's looking at a lot of Roads he's
yeah
uh okay well here hold on hold on let's
give it let's give it another try let's
give it another try okay okay hold on
where's my where's my lesso here okay um
so let's do let's give her the
old okay so we're going to generate oh
right right right right right right
right Genera F okay here we go um okay
um a couple put a uh okay dinosaur made
out of bread driving a typical Porsche
driver in the driver's seat and his
sugar baby in the passenger
seat on this local FYI that's why it's
slow I'm I'm embracing the stereotypes
okay I'm super down what
uhoh what am I looking at here what was
the prompt wasn't it supposed to be two
people oh who is this guy it's mostly
just a smear I think who is this guy I
think he's got like pouty lip and like a
giant mustache that really does look
like the world's largest mustache
Cyclops upset yeah okay I to take it
back to Porsche cuz the heated seats
don't work wow so that just I think I
think the smaller lasso was definitely
the is chil okay what what Sol it I feel
like a pore oh oh I want a cool hood
ornament
I'm sorry I'm Sor the wealthy don't have
chilled
buns my buns are seat
temperature okay unacceptable it's
unacceptable oh whoops I did it
again a super cool and classy Hood oh
apparently there's a try again button oh
yeah I probably should have used that
that's a good idea so what are you doing
a hood oh well mhm to be fair you did
kind of put it in a you did Circle kind
of a weird spot for hood ornament well
no I wanted it to be coming out right
here I don't know I kind of you circled
way above yeah he's kind of she's he's
kind of sitting on there I mean that you
could put a hood ornament there sure I
just need a second one it's technically
on the hood whoops is it is it on the
fender oh shoot I control Z and it
didn't oh yeah yeah I think it's sitting
kind of here yeah yeah no for sure so
can can I tell it to well here I'm Co
co-creator image can I tell it to like
get another one you
know like uh here like can I just like
grab this and oh hey it's still paint
yep okay well no no that's fine that's
fine I I I I can use paint here we go
what about what about second one there
we go okay so so hold on I've got a plan
for this though remove the background
there's a plan yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah so I'm going to just give it the
old M oh sh yep
well what oh man the okay yeah here we
go
uh good luck with this okay what oh uh
okay I think I'm about to
remove something remove just removes
so uh I mean you know um from far enough
away
you go pretty far yeah you got to go
pretty far away you gotta go pretty far
away from far enough away you have now
hit the
bird yeah well uh oh I need a license
plate okay I need a license plate on the
front because I um and after you do
license plate I think I'm officially
bored yeah that's fair yeah next you get
to check out notepad which would be even
more exciting no I'm not doing
that I can do that do you want me to do
that do we have this is neat though I
like a lot it's local I understand it's
not as good I realize that it was local
it doesn't seem impressive well someone
in FL J said it is I don't I'm I'm
pretty sure it is this is a Snapdragon Y
which is so like that's cool I like
local of this stuff that's awesome so
even if it's not as good that's fine I
mean it's pretty cool yes that that's a
license plate on the car it sure is
that's a hood ornament it's also on the
car that first face might have been a
little cursed but it did kind of look
like it was a guy sort of he was in the
car somewhere
I mean he he might have had the shifter
like wedged between his butt cheeks but
um he not going anywhere yeah that's
safe that's it for safety yep what if
you got in a crash you don't want it to
accidentally go backwards when you meant
to go forward yeah yep that's why you
got to look both ways at the same time
like that guy that's right that's
right yeah he's safe he's a safe driver
so um notepad seriously is there
anything to that is important to look at
in not I don't know it does like
generative stuff if you want to just
like talk about it you could show it I
don't know if it's here's what I'm
curious about why are we putting
development into notepad and killing
wordpad why didn't we just kill notepad
and make wordpad better like what was
the what was the rationale here maybe
someone from Microsoft anyone from
Microsoft in the chat can you want to
tell me why notepad was the focus please
anyone I feel like they killed the word
pad because it was probably harder to
maintain you think so and then then they
were able to just ignore notepad cuz
there was nothing going on so it wasn't
going to break but they aren't ignoring
notepad they're like making not I'm
saying why why they made that decision
in the past oh
maybe but
then people like me just been very
exclusively very committed relationship
style using notepad++ for like a decade
and will never go back
so just like word p I know it was I know
they killed it cuz it was too close to
word but I needed way to open docs
without yeah having word like they're
just pushing me straight into the arms
of Google for one time in the last 12
years I've had to open a Word document I
don't have word installed I have no
reason to have word installed I would
still like to be able to open this
document yeah that's what wordpad was
for yeah it was fine it was not bloaty
it was
fine open docs is a thing yeah that's
fine but the only reason I don't have
word is because I'm just setting up this
computer so I don't want to install any
software I just want to open this bloody
document cuz it has the seral for the
piece of software that I'm installing or
something like it's just I don't know
n all right let's do another topic yeah
so yeah Ms pain it's
something Luke what do you want to do
AMD Rockets forward yeah let's do it
according to Mercury research amd's
desktop CPU market share has climbed 10%
in the last year this has manifested
most clearly in widespread reports that
the ryzen 7 9800 x3d has sold out at
retailers throughout Europe and North
America and I mean I'm not surprised if
you ask anyone what CPU they should get
if they're a gamer they say whatever the
like best x3d chip is and that's just
what it's been for a while um anyways uh
they apparently sold out within minutes
on Amazon and Best Buy wow uh new has
claimed that they are out of individual
units of the 9800 x3d but they they are
for some unexplained reason still
offering the 9800 x3d plus motherboard
bundles that's not an unexplained reason
at all I can explain that they need to
sell motherboards
yep and AMD in
there probably they're regretting it now
um AMD in their sort of um time of being
NE necessarily Pro
consumer um created this expectation of
their motherboard sockets lasting for a
very long time so they've created this
environment where they launch a new CPU
and there's absolutely no accessory
attached sales just new CPUs yep um so
new is like yeah you're buying
motherboard and a lot of times Ram some
of their bundles have motherboards and
RAM that's how they get you yeah uh
further there have been recent reporting
that amd's data center business unit has
started out selling intels for the first
time in its history though this comes
with some caveats roughly a billion of
amds 3.5 billion in data center sales is
accounted for by uh machine learning
machine learning
Mi uh accelerators an an area that Intel
doesn't particularly compete in uh
without that key $1 billion Intel's 3.3
billion Remains the top spot Intel knows
i' I've heard I didn't dive into it I've
heard the the the most recent gen of
Intel server processors are actually
quite good despite their consumer being
uh Intel knows that they have messed up
um I think it would be pretty hard to
not know that at this point but okay um
Intel knows that they messed up in an
interview with Hot Hardware VP of
technical marketing Robert HCK
acknowledged the launch of aerol Lake
didn't go as planned citing a series of
issues uh the company has now identified
at an OS level and at the BIOS level um
and saying that the performance we saw
in reviews to be very clear no fault of
reviewers was not what we expected and
not what we intended
um can I interject for a
moment the expectation that you're ref
referring to as not what you expected or
as I've been or as I've come to know
whatever it doesn't matter the point is
this is good I can't remember the copy
pass I have I have like 300 confirmed
kills yeah yeah yeah yeah you you little
sh
sorry another copy pass don't worry
about it um the point
is what are you talking about yeah that
that whole line was like
What if you guys didn't have partner
boards and you guys can't like launch a
game and like no offense to our team but
compared to the kinds of engineering
resources oh that Intel can afford
we just a bunch of random Bumble FS
playing with
gaming computers like what if you guys
can't contact gigabyte or MSI or Asus be
like hey bro do you mind sending over a
motherboard so we can put a CPU in it
and maybe open a [__] game and see if
it like gets some FPS the the tools for
evaluating this stuff they're they're
all free what are you talking about
to be clear I believe
him I believe that this whole thing was
super rushed I mean and I believe that
they they absolutely didn't do the
planning that they needed to execute
this launch the way that they needed to
execute we did not get the
265k yeah we had to go buy one after the
fact which to be clear that's I can
afford yeah I I went I bought I I bought
10 7800 X 3DS or whatever it was the
problem is the availability the problem
is that our job is to bring you guys
information about these products so that
you can make an informed decision and
Intel didn't deem it [__] necessary
to send us probably the most compelling
chip in the entire stack so our launch
date review just doesn't have any data
for
it over
what like seriously like like bomb cost
of this chip what because how many
people were going to need to buy them
just send
us like send us like 80 bucks worth of
sand and heat spreader so we can have
the numbers for the people if it's
really that important to you we can send
it back yeah really
honestly what were you
thinking sending us the 245k and the
285k and not the middle of the
road what were you thinking Bud yeah
yeah this didn't go as
planned the performance we saw in
reviews was not what we expected dude
the last minute changes that we getting
from when maybe what they expected two
years ago from this launch maybe I don't
know but if if that expectation was set
anytime even sort of recently like what
are you talking
about anyway okay um yeah I didn't even
notice this our own notes have despite
their own AOL Lake launch benchmarks
highlighting the new flagship losing to
the 14900 K 950x and 795x 3D and then we
have links to their
slides like yeah like it was my
understanding that they knew this
doesn't make much I didn't want to talk
about like meetings that we had from
them but like what is this
statement here we go where's uh
yeah they're literally like yeah we're
on par but like lower power and also we
like lose at a lot of
games which it's like okay but like
personally I think that's fine it's just
not exciting for me to buy it but like
you know if you're like hey this is a
massive generational change for us we
didn't take as much of a step forward
performance- wise as we had hoped but we
saved a ton on Power and we're hoping
that uh we're able to you know but like
literally slide you have you lose in
five games and you win in
four like stop it three no no this one
counts 4% is that a oh they didn't make
it blue all the other ones are blue I
don't know I dude I don't know okay
sure it's lot of really nice praise for
our graphs lately um in especially that
that last video so you know shout out um
yeah shout out Sammy other more
different Sammy than the last Sammy that
I shouted out today um shout out the
team for making graphs that are better
than Intel can
make yeah boom roasted yeah because
Intel is kind of a big company I mean
not as big as they used to be but
they're big well what what what what
maybe they maybe maybe they shouldn't
have cancelled and sell extreme Tech
upgrade maybe that was where it all went
down downhill honestly that was that was
the beginning of the end I think the
timeline of that lines up pretty well
yep if they had just if they had just
stuck with Intel extreme Tech upgrade
this never would happened mhm yep MH MH
mhm mhm Su Zen Kitty says salty Lin is
I'm I'm not salty AMD picked it up right
where they left off and I don't know if
we've ever told AMD this but they pay
more well what it was an established
series by that point Intel had the
benefit of that they took a risk on it
yeah and then when AMD picked it up it
was like well we know this is an
absolute Banger so uh time to Pony up
yeah so what you it makes sense I feel
like we've always been pretty open about
that kind of stuff no man I I I don't
know we're we're we're we're we're
highly transparent company and um you
know some people will attack us for that
they'll they'll look for points of
they'll look for for gaps in the armor
and they'll kind of try and try and
wedge something in there and I think but
I think most people I think the silent
majority sees what we do and and sees
what we're what we're willing to talk
about and kind of goes okay yeah I think
I I think I have the measure of who
these guys are and what they're about
and that that's the way it is I mean
look I've made it very clear at every
stage that I'm not friends with any of
these corporations that we cover I never
will be and this is transactional they
want exposure on our Channel exposure to
our audience we clearly disclose what is
paid and that's it there's your talking
points it's separate from our from our
opinions it's all on the it's on the up
and up uh what else do we want to talk
about today oh this is so cool this is
so cool YouTuber ibof
RCC has created a custom PCB add-on and
swappable SSD modules for M series
MacBooks this is so cool check this out
okay uh blah blah blah the design isn't
finalized it requires a second Mac to
run Apple configurator to complete the
setup because I don't know Apple hates
their customers who knows but the DIY
m.2 Port was demonstrated to take
modules up to 2 terabytes and hit
similar speeds to Apple's own soldered
storage because of course it does
because it's all just hooked up to pcie
anyway these days because that's what
everybody's using for everything and
this distinction between oh special
Apple SSD and other more different SSD
is completely unnecessary other than so
that they can sell you an SSD upgrade
for $200 for like $19 worth of nand um
anyway ibof found that strangely the
MacBook requ requires the SSD to be
installed in order for the battery to
charge which they said was just another
reason why the SSD should be replaceable
currently Apple charges the same amount
for two 16 gigs Ram 256 gig storage Mac
minis as it does for a single Mac Mini
with twice the amount of RAM and storage
so literally it's costing you twice as
much to just upgrade the RAM and
storage as an entire machine with half
as much RAM and storage now this is cool
um curiously there was a that the posts
about that had a lot of traction
seriously it seems that the new M4 Mac
Mini does have a single removable
storage module however Mac Rumors notes
that it's likely that the controller for
the storage is still embedded in the S
so limiting DIY upgrade and repair
similar modules have been found in the
Mac Studio and the Mac Pro anyway I just
want to I just want to show this this is
so
cool I hate that this Innovation which
is super cool is
necessary I don't understand why Apple
hates their customers so much and I
don't understand why their customers
continue to bend over and take it and be
happy about it but the modding is really
cool and I've enjoyed that on this show
and in the last show we've been able to
highlight some cool community modders
that are finding ways oh sorry sorry
sorry his mod was on the MacBook that's
the Mac Mini replaceable module from
Apple sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry that
that was the wrong pick I was showing
hold on hold on I'll find it
my bad you
guys I have something to go over when
you after you find that I thought that
didn't look right I hadn't seen the uh I
hadn't seen the M4 Mac thing yet you
muted me yeah you you played that audio
oh yeah yeah yeah I I hadn't seen the I
hadn't seen the M4 Mac Mini one yet but
I thought that man that it's not what
the thing looked like is it yeah here it
is
dude so cool so you guys got go watch
this uh here Dan do you want to throw
the throw the link in everything but
float plane chat I'll throw it in float
plane chat bookmark this go watch it
later dude how cool is that yeah love it
sick I'll check that out yeah okay you
brought up our graphs looking nice and
you thought they were better than
Intel's well I mean it's not that I
think they're better than int that Intel
hates their graphs aggressively that
we're better at Intel at everything that
Intel does that we also do um kidding um
Can my iPhone just like chill out and
stop interfering with my mic yeah um
okay I think I'm done with the iPhone
I'm wondering yeah when are you
switching off you said that theek ago oh
okay video shot um okay
witness witness you got some you got
some silver spray paint yeah yeah yeah
uh I interested in your thoughts in how
much this adds or doesn't add to the
video okay all right
okay did you see no watch keep watching
keep watching keep watching wait for the
next one he's I'm sure he's just talking
right now yeah
whoa you
see what do you think if it's very
little work what are your thoughts then
it's super cool
oh yeah if it's very little how much
work do you think would be defined as
very little work um
um like having the basically having the
graph be anim like this one the phone
that we're actually talking about gets
like kind of inserted in stuff like that
so here's my thing um I think if you
have a video that has I would say less
than half a dozen graphs then by all
means spend the extra 15 minutes that
it'll take to do this to each one or
five minutes or whatever it is if you
have a video that's like a CPU review
and there's 20 30 graphs
I for the reason why I'm asking is
basically when when Labs is exporting
yeah uh graphs and charts and stuff it
would be exported in a different format
mhm because it's like okay do we export
the AI file so it's modifiable by the
editor or do we export just like a PNG
MH
um I think it looks pretty nice I think
it looksy I hear what you're saying when
there's when there's like like the the
the the most recent CP vi video that we
did y like the amount of graphs that
were in this that could get that could
get cumbersome I could see that and the
thing is that there's probably there be
a lot there's also a lot of lines I'd
say a solid 75% of the time on LTT here
I'm going to bring up your laptop here
I'd say a solid 75% of the time on LTT
when we're uploading a really graph
heavy video it's an embargo video yeah
so we're pushing we are time constrained
we're already we're already crunching
yeah so if you tell me yeah we're going
to add something unnecessary we're going
to animate it we're going to make it
pretty we're going to make it shiny I'm
going to say give me a really really
good reason and I'm sorry but pretty is
not a good enough reason in this case I
don't think that
um I don't think that I see a clear
enough benefit now if your team can
figure out how all of that just happens
automatically and there's some kind of
like slick web interface F or whatever
where you just kind of say like
highlight this one and then it just like
runs a magic behind the scenes animation
thing or something I I don't I don't
know this this is the one of importance
so it does some yeah I don't know we can
explore that type of stuff that is not
what that looked like to me that looked
like that wasn't I don't believe that
was that that looked like after effects
or something like that I don't know yeah
yeah I'm I'm not sure exactly what they
used for that gave the file um the only
like
honestly and the other thing too is like
there's a little bit of if it a if it
ain't broke don't don't fix it in in my
response as well people are super happy
with this there's things that I would do
differently um I
prefer a highlight compared to a DOT I
prefer a box I vastly prefer a red
wireframe box I don't I don't want to
actually highlight it I want it to be
around it but I was told that the
audience largely preferred the dot even
though for me the dot is much more
difficult to track because it moves in
multiple
on multiple axes um but you know this is
this is one of those cases where I'm not
just going to I'm not just going to
impose my will because at the end of the
day who's our boss audience
to you just knocking down what I'm
setting up you're not allowed to say
anything yeah you'll just you you'll
just knock down everything you know what
fine I'm going to give the hints anyway
it's not me and it's not Taran there go
ahead you can do it again it's
Dan it's the audience I'm not liking the
projections of where we're
going I want more Luke huh more Luke in
videos
huh huh um I'm down put me in
coach going to strike the L show okay
yeah anyway um yeah no I yeah it's it's
cool but I just don't I just don't see
the
um man what would I compare this to that
I mean that Mac address video only had
like three graphs or that's the thing so
yeah it's okay yeah it's like I could
see on a more like Lifestyle Channel
they're also really early in the video
mhm so that's that's something that you
guys will now that I'm going to say it
you're going to notice it we make much
heavier investments in yeah like you
have to more expensive shots locations
props um in in the first like few
minutes of a video compared to what
we're willing to do toward the end we
aren't operating on the kinds of budgets
that someone like uh you know a Mr Beast
might or whatever so that every every
second of the video is designed with the
expectation that you you will be
watching it and you must continue to
watch it we're
just it's it's like yeah realistically
not everyone is going to be into this
server network card so we'll do
everything we can to hook you and if it
doesn't work it doesn't work we're we're
kind of okay with that protect the
server network card from incoming
hackers and win a million
do the server network card is in a
pit the pit is full of snakes there's a
train coming what are you going to do
the Train's on
fire this is just tech support saw now I
don't even watch Mr Beast videos all of
that guessing is just from his
thumbnails oh yeah
absolutely oh boy um your files are
stored on the server it's running right
now you must pull out the hard drive
while it's running I hired seven xcia
members to try to break into your server
room can use keep them
out for 24
hours maybe do I get a
minigun all right what are we supposed
to be um I don't know supposed to be
doing topics guess keep doing topics
until we go to after dark Nidia says 100
hours of gaming ought to be enough for
anyone
wrong I mean I'm not necessarily fake
news I'm not necessarily proud that
they're wrong but they are wrong wrong
Nvidia announced a few changes to
GeForce now their game streaming service
the majority of which were upgrades the
priority membership tier has been
rebranded as performance and now have a
max resolution of 1440p instead of
1080p while remaining at $10 a month and
it also comes with an ultra wide option
super cool wait 100 hours monthly oh
they're like actually wrong people are
actually going to be upset about that
can you stop getting ahead of things no
however both the performance tier and
the $20 ultimate tier will now have a
100 hour monthly limit which Luke
spoiled what which Nvidia says I'm
learning about this right now it is
doing to avoid Global price increases
because some random people are putting
in 200 hours a
week the limit works out to just above 3
hours a day which Nvidia says
accommodates 94% of their user base
nonetheless some users 6% of them uh did
the math for them there uh were
extremely unhappy and expressed doubt
that 94% of GeForce now users were using
it $100 a month or less I have some bad
news for you
guys Nvidia is probably not like you you
actually have a problem you win in those
gaming lobbies cuz you don't do anything
else yeah um which isn't a problem it's
okay to have a problem that's not a
problem it's just you can quit you can
quit anytime you want yeah uh Nvidia
will charge
$3 for an additional 15 hours of
performance and
$6 for 15 hours of ultimate so basically
you're paying a third you're paying a
third of your monthly rate
for how does that math work it's more
expensive oh yeah it's more expensive
why is it more expensive that's stupid
you think it would be less expensive
yeah no you think it would be more
expensive because the other one is
subsidized by the people who use it so
little no no that makes sense yeah it
would be more expensive so that's
probably closer to what it actually cost
them which interestingly probably gives
us some insight into the actual math for
how much people are actually using the
service compared to
um like if you if you use it so if they
can afford what what was it a 100 hours
a month for 10 bucks and another 15
hours cost them $3 then basically what
that means is for every person who's
using it 100 hours you've got people who
are barely touching it uh the
subscription using Z hours yeah in order
to have that Math Workout U well but
very very interesting Plus there some
profit margin baked into both
calculations probably mhm
um
yep live streaming is extremely
expensive none of this surprises me at
all and especially when you make it like
difficult live streaming it also doesn't
surprise me at all that um you know now
that you're locked into a subscription
service that Subscription Service would
look to alter the deal um this is why we
should
probably you know refrain scrapyard Wars
uh like you know a mediocre PC rather
than buy into a subscription service
that can be yed on us at any time I
thought you were going to said put up
the cost of a Flo plane subscription
yeah yeah spend your money on float
plane instead got them oh how much does
when cost asks Luca 103 a bunch I don't
think we know exactly do we oh no you do
there's ways to figure it out I don't
know off the top of my head it also
changes like per episode cuz we'll we'll
stream for 2 hours then we'll stream for
4 and a half so like I'm going to start
sending it at 40 Meg can you
got sure it actually like why don't we
just do it won't make a difference to be
honest no twitch will freak out
oh oh yeah well yeah but that's their
problem multi streaming it's not a I
mean because what we receive from here
oh yeah that actually oh yeah we
transcoded anyway yeah who cares
garbage out though less garbage in less
garbage out let's do it at 8K 8K W show
that actually reminds me man these c200s
have been absolute just tank work horses
yeah here forever yeah we we used to use
these for like trade shows and stuff and
uh we ended up not getting a lot of use
out of them there but boy have they ever
been great for the WAN show look at that
we got all these camera angles it's
like I've got a c100 at home uh yeah
they're undestructible great little
cameras yeah yes I think these c200s are
like eight grand a body though but you
know maybe more there's no way they're
worth that anymore not anymore
absolutely not okay yeah I I think we
did pay quite a lot for them um speaking
of qu paying quite a lot for it uh the
Dow drops Intel Intel has been removed
from its 25-year position in the Dow
Jones Industrial Average I think we
hinted to this last week but it has
happened I guess uh The go-to Benchmark
to measure the health of the US Stock
Market being the Dow Jones Industrial
Average uh this likely indicates that
the maintainers of the Dow Jones believe
that Intel's recent struggles are
skewing the average in a way not
generally reflective of the market as a
whole and they were like damn we can get
Nvidia in here and then they did that
its position has been replaced with
Nvidia which the S&P Dow Jones indicates
apparently views as a more accurate
reflection of the chipm sector to that I
don't necessarily agree with
an anomaly as Intel has been over the
last little bit yeah they're just on the
other end of it yeah which I understand
why you want that but what you're saying
just isn't true anyways um yeah
discussion question uh is isia really
the company that's most reflective of
the sector
no nice it is a good discussion question
we just got to it too early um oops a
network along your skin researchers at
Carnegie melon University have developed
a method of transmitting 40 MHz RF
energy along human skin allowing the
user to remotely power extremely small
wearable devices that otherwise could
not fit a battery such as a patch that
logs Medical Data W this power could be
delivered from head to toe from a power
source worn Elsewhere on the body
startup exan has created a prototype yr
chip that uses a similar method to send
bluetooth SL WiFi signals through the
body 's skin thereby connecting multiple
devices without broadcasting a wider
potentially insecure signal this would
likewise allow users to share a
connection
oh oh through skin to- skinin contact ex
like a handshake or a high five you
could literally like handshake someone
and like exchange contact information wa
like if you had yeah some like wearable
handshakes Isn't that cool
whoa you touch people says sinful hands
I mean yeah well Geeks are it's kind of
funny that yeah someone whose name in
chat is sinful hands says ew touch
people
mhm just kind of works it does it works
yeah you're not as on as me today I'm
sorry rude so the discussion question
here is what kinds of wearable devices
can you imagine with this technology I
mean medical ones I think are obvious we
can kind of what about embedded ones too
embedded in the skin well I don't know
the signal goes along the skin so you'd
almost have to have I mean that would be
kind of cyber Punk looking right cuz
you'd have all the contacts and traces
on the surface and then it's just like
you know buried in your muscle somewhere
or whatever else like a uh man I don't
know like could you could
you cuz like if you had a a heart rate
monitor yeah that didn't increase
the bulk along your body that could be
kind of nice yeah that'd be pretty
cool neuro amp what are you guys what
are you guys talking about yeah if if
you had a heart rate monitor that was
powered through you I guess and it could
maybe like uh remotely transmit to your
phone or something so you could still
check what it's
reading be interesting I mean yeah you
so powered
tattoos that'd be cool e ink tattoos
that would be so cool okay now people
are getting me some some good ideas here
imagine a tattoo that changes based on
your heart rate yeah and oh my God yeah
you're could to have like a a little
display in your inner inner wrist what
about earrings with lights on them dude
you could have comp yeah that' be sick
you you could have complicated like
tattoos that reveal different details
based on other powered jewelry or like
oh
dude you could have so you could have
like a necklace that like changes color
with your mood except actually you know
not like those like cheap mood rings or
whatever actually based on something but
that is like actually based on like your
anxiety level and stuff like that like
and and sure yeah the privacy issues you
know people would do it you know you
know people would do it internal cardiac
monitors dude this is so cool internal I
mean my thought is like I'm just
surreptitiously touching the back of
your neck and stealing all your data and
stuff stuff like that or I like I shake
your hand and why you got to go there
with it who you don't even have the
courage to show your face telling us all
your ideas about stealing other people's
data and you can't even okay yeah there
he is apparently this is a thing already
internal cardiac monitors yeah I think
so implantable Loop recorders put them
in your heart right because they just
run on like super super long life
batteries I guess um but but this the
cool thing about it is that you're doing
networking and power just over the skin
so you can just have like a little pack
on your wrist like where a watch would
be and it could just power and
communicate as almost like a like a
smart home hub like a smart body Hub
what if it's in your back pocket and
then you just sit down on a wireless
charging chair whoa yeah butt charging
whoa whoa I mean that would probably be
actually a really good idea so is that
like a
penalty like if they if the center gets
attacked the quarterback just like runs
into the center
what are we talking about
uh anyways um steam moving on yeah steam
recording super cool
feature um steam is officially launched
built-in game recording which allows
Gamers to record their sessions without
using a second app players can start a
recording manually or set it to start
automatically and there are likewise
options to restrict the length quality
and storage space that steam can use
these settings can be configured
differently for each game however the
accessibility of these recording options
and the broader audience of steam users
might cause problems for users who are
less familiar with things like SSD
degradation as pointed out by /c crore
spectacl steam game recording has a max
right rate of 50 megabits per second
around 22 12 gbt per hour if it was used
regularly at the highest settings this
could cause significant SSD degradation
over over time notably the highest rate
quality on nvidia's own recording
feature maxes out at 150 megabits per
second which is significantly higher but
is also something that you generally um
is generally a little more techsavvy to
access rather than just what you know
your your kids using the family computer
are going to be able to figure out how
to configure our discussion question is
is this a realistic concern for most
people and um I'm of kind of two minds
on this on the one hand yes this will
compare to how the average user is
expected to use their PC and what SSD
makers have been targeting over the last
10 years with the move from SLC to mlc
to TLC to qlc to even PLC flash um with
far far less endurance as we as we move
to each new generation but higher
capacity meaning that you're less likely
to override it but then now that we're
going to override it we've we've we've
been building toward we've been building
products for this Paradigm where people
are like kind of occasionally copying
some footage or downloading a new game
but generally speaking are barely even
touching their Drive which is pretty
accurate for the most part yeah and then
we're adding we're throwing this into
the mix I think I do think that people
who didn't think they needed a premium
drive with better endurance are going to
suddenly find out oh I do I do need a
premium drive with better endurance
however the other side of me wants to
point out that it's been studied a
couple of times small sample sizes on
unfortunately so I don't know how
reliable and how trustworthy it is but
it's been looked at a couple of times by
I forget which Publications have done it
where they've done endurance tests on
ssds and found that in general they
actually last way longer than what
they're rated for pretty good yeah so I
also when I use uh Shadow play I just
write to my hard
drive sorry I just got to move my leg
guy but yeah yeah you should probably
just use a hard drive for this in a NZ
ideally
but most people most people don't have a
Nas I
mean there really hasn't been like a a
diyas software that is easy enough to
use that
uh that just anyone who could build
their own PC could just install it and
be good to go and configure everything
and all the shares just work that's
that's the one hopefully theoretically I
just invested in Pro
MOX oh yeah sure that's easy and
approachable for every man yeah yeah
yeah yeah
that voice is dance like I am screaming
inside I am also dying oh it's
fine all my voices sure let's
go Dan switching it over pushing the
buttons all right we got a lot of merch
messages today oh not not too too many
not too many I think we're doing pretty
okay um let's see heyo dll notice the
Apple watch accompanying the switch to
iPhone lus what do you think of it so
far
um considering how amped I was on
SmartWatches at the start like I loved
my
Pebble
um I have just kind of completely fallen
out of love with them and maybe it's
because the product category sort of
moved away from me maybe it's because I
moved away from the product category
like it it feels like at the beginning
they were about getting
notifications without taking your phone
out of your pocket and in some cases as
they as they got a little bit more
sophisticated interacting with those
notifications to to make them go away
and and you can still do that like being
able to get a text while I'm while I'm
on the court at the gym or something
like that and uh you know fire back a
quick message uh it's fine it's good but
all the trying to do too much all the
functionality that they've added since
then around you know telling me to stand
up like sure yeah I can't right now I'm
in the middle of I'm in the middle of
podcast recording like you know like it
doesn't it doesn't have the
awareness to just make the the cameras
the table everything we should just make
everything stand and every 45 minutes
yeah yeah let me get let me get right on
that oh yeah um so all this all this
extra stuff that they've added the
health tracking it doesn't it's not
meaningful to me I mean when I'm a
senior citizen and I'm worried about you
know fall detection or whatever else
yeah maybe may maybe I'll be more more
interested in something like that but
the health tracking that especially
Apple has been doing is really cool yeah
it's really cool I think it's not
necessarily relevant I think plof made a
really good point in his uh script where
we were talking about their most recent
event uh where he was like yeah it's
funny how the older Tim Apple gets the
uh the more seniors health tracking
makes its way into their product be fair
it's also aging generation
Wern countries absolutely the most
affluent generation in the United States
is the Baby Boomers and they are they're
getting older they they be old they're
getting older yeah so I it's nice to be
able to tell the time quickly and
conveniently on my wrist you can do that
with a lot of things I don't like having
to charge it every day that's a
downer
um you notice I'm not wearing it today I
just forgot to put it on and I didn't
notice until someone asked me what time
it was that was really the
only I don't know maybe part of it is
that since I first got a smartwatch I
just am like on my phone a lot more and
that that's that that's probably a bad
thing maybe I should get in the habit of
using my watch to interact with
notifications if it got you off your
phone more often which reduced the total
phone and watch usage time then I think
that there's value there but if you're
just replacing phone time with watch
time one to one I don't see value there
personally I don't use any of the other
apps like to me the whole um like I am
exercising right now this is the type of
exercise I'm doing until you can just
tell that I'm exercising with all of
your Advanced sophisticated measures uh
uh sensors and everything what what are
what are we even doing here like I it's
it's to me it's like counting calories
like I'm I'm logging the thing that I'm
eating and and that's really useful for
a lot of people depending on what your
goals are 100% 100% depending on your
goals that has a ton of value for me it
has I am not even close dude I can go
take something out of my freezer and
think okay I need to go into my food
checklist app and I need to update the
inventory in the freezer and by the time
I have put it down on the counter I have
completely forgotten that I needed to do
that expecting me to count calories or
remember to like log that I'm about to
start ex it's not going to happen the
only way I was able to count calories
was when I had pre-planned what I was
going to eat for the entire day and I
never deviated cuz then it was like okay
well I could put in my calories for the
next week you know like it's it's
figured out already um someone says they
really like it for sleep tracking um
dude if I have to the only way that can
remember to charge something is if it's
overnight
so yeah there's people at work here that
have an Apple Watch charger on their
desk so they'll take it off and they'll
put it on the charger so that they can
use it for sleep tracking I would leave
my watch at work every other day 100%
there's absolutely no way that it would
make it home five out of five days in a
week I'd probably leave it at your house
half the time I visit you oh yeah dude
you would leave your keys at my house if
you were able to leave without them like
yeah 100% that would be a hilarious
troll sometime to just leave your key in
your car and then just like see if you
leave without your keys cuz I I bet you
would mhm
probably all right what else we
got okay let's
see archive hey dll my friends and I
have a long running tradition during a
land party on Black Friday every year
what are some of your favorite memories
Gam names and food to have at a land
party vanelly says new watch charges so
fast I literally only put it on the
charger when I shower and otherwise wear
it 24/7 bold of you to assume I shower
every
day only only exercise days which is at
least every it's about two out of every
three days so I'm not a complete I'm not
a complete like Barbarian or whatever
but um yeah no my my life is not routine
enough
for anything that doesn't fit in the
very limited routines that I can
manage um starcat one says shower every
day
man you you know you don't have to
right just I'm just saying I'm just
saying you and and it's totally fine to
shower every day but you also like don't
have to or maybe you do which is
fine I'm not judging yeah for me
honestly it depends how stressed I get
oh stressed sweat stinks oh mine is I'm
sure everyone is but I only really have
experience with mine mine is brutal dude
if I'm just
chilling yeah it's not a big deal
slather on another layer of deodorant
yeah like honestly doesn't really matter
if if I have some like really serious
conversations boy I need to shower like
it's it's not it's not an option past a
certain point yeah oh man um
LAN land memories games and food dude uh
I think it was like COD 2 which I had
never played um I got a bunch of copies
of it from work cuz there was like a Cod
2 like GPU bundle and we didn't move
through them all I was like can I have
some of these discs and they were like
okay so I showed up at this land and I
had like eight copies of COD 2 and we
completely lost track of whatever the
objective was supposed to be and we
started playing this like King of the
Hill except it was like at the very top
of this water tower and there was like
over half dozen of us it was
functionally impossible to get to the
top of it I think it it happened that
way because someone got up there
unnoticed at some point in the match and
just started like spawn sniping
everybody um and we were like what the
heck that's a good spot I want it and it
just devolved into the the longest like
completely no there's no scorekeeping
because it wasn't part of the game mode
of the game but the longest most
ridiculously impossible King of the Hill
match that I've ever participated in
custom goals custom rules all that kind
of stuff those are always like the best
way to play games it's it's more fun my
my favorite land memory and I'm I'm not
even going to remember it correctly
because it was from so long ago but uh
my birthdays when I was in high school
were always land parties at my parents
house and one year we went really hard
on Halo
2 custom rules versus and we if I
remember correctly we we had like it was
a birthday party so we we tried to go a
little bit overboard and we we had
people bring like couches and TVs and
stuff from their houses and we put if I
I think I'm getting this right I could
be wrong I think this is how it worked I
think we had two TVs and two couches in
the garage and two TVs and two couches
inside and there was one team inside and
one team outside and we had the a
tournament of of Halo 2 on one
particular map that I'm not going to
remember the name of um and it was it
was either like swords and shotguns or I
feel like it was swords and
Rockets but I feel like we played more
swords and shotguns but I don't know I
don't remember why I'm thinking rocket
but it came it was
4949 there was two players alive and it
came down to the the there was one with
a sword and one with whatever the other
weapon was I think it was a rocket and
they both attacked at the same time and
nobody knew who won the game until the
score screen came up no way and the
house just exploded it was crazy it was
so cool it was so like oh man like H it
was great I it was really it was very
fun and like even every part of that
land those types of lands are fun cuz
like people are showing up with couches
in the backs of their like their
parents' van and their parents are like
I don't even understand what's happening
but I mean at least you're not like
doing drugs or something so fine and
then we're like finding ways to to
network these these two Xboxes together
and we're not only planning on playing
Xbox we also have another Network going
on for all these computers and we're all
learning how this stuff works buying
switches from ncx doing whatever getting
stuff going like the whole thing is just
super fun I don't know those were those
were good times I feel like kids are
kind of missing out on that my my son
was playing rocket league with one of
his friends and I was like hey you never
invite me to play games and he was like
okay yeah my dad's joining us and
they're like okay sure whatever we'll
carry uh you know how bad I am at Rocket
League I did one useful thing though
what' you do I don't know I don't
remember I like hit it somewhere that
was useful and then we scored oh okay
don't worry about it anyway the point is
um his friend pulled off what's it
called a reset or something like that a
reset sure yeah so he touch your wheels
to the puck while it's in the air and
then you get another jump I'm assuming
that's what happened so uh it was with
the ball it's not right I play snow day
anyway the point is you have to touch
all four wheels to the ball while you're
in the air and then you get another flip
while you're in the air which is
beneficial in some way or something yeah
and he was really excited about pulling
it off or whatever
and
um he was sitting in his house by
himself yeah and we were on a Discord
call and so you know that was cool but
like it's cool it's not the same it's
different um yeah I feel
like things get diluted right and like
you think it's the same and a lot of
people don't do land parties anymore cuz
they're like oh we could just play over
the internet and stuff but it's not it's
not man and no one can cheat in
person which man it's such a problem
online now well you you can but it's
like it's a lot harder not with friends
like you can but you won't but like I
mean that's yeah and there's even some
fun in that because then I don't know I
find the setup of this type of stuff
interesting I know not everyone would
but like the whole idea of being in the
garage and stuff was there is no screen
peeking do screen Peak you'd have to run
through the house like it's not
happening but you can still hear each
other if you look the door is propped
open so you can see each other but the
screens are this way to each other right
so you you can't you can't see the
screens but you can yell at each other
and do whatever yeah it's it's good
times yeah all right hey DL how's your
day
going it's been a long week it's been
it's been a week when and what are your
plans for bonus spin items I have so
many stickers yes I could just get more
sticks uh hope you feel better soon
um I don't know I think we wanted to do
some like little vinyl figures at one
point I know we're going to do more pins
vinyl figures um honestly Sarah would
know this so much better than me maybe
next time ask when she does like a
design stream or something like that CU
she's she's in the no when it comes to
all of
that are you asking her now should I
move on no no I'm I'm I Sarah's off work
no hey hello D from Australia any
thoughts on the 9800 x3d not being in
stock anywhere was the release rushed in
your opinion not nearly as rushed as
core Ultra 200 series but um I feel like
every product release gets kind of
crunched and rushed to a certain extent
it's at a certain point you you have to
you're working with Retail Partners
you're working with all these other
people there has to be a certain point
in time when you launch the thing yeah
there's deadlines and no I mean it's
easier to not have those types of
deadlines when with things like
independent game launches cuz you set
the date but in this situation like
there's a lot of moving pieces you're
screwing a lot of different people over
if you move your date back so yep or
forward or wherever like changing
anything really disrupts the plans and
Distributors retailers and in such a
globalized world right there's there's
always a time zone where it's highly
problematic for someone to be having to
deal with this right
now hey D now that you have some new
cats when can we expect the next Linus
cat tips video I uploaded a short for
some reason I was feeling just inspired
to and one of them like grabbed my feet
from under the bed and I was like that'd
be funny and then they didn't really do
it the same way when I turned on the
camera and then I was like ah this
wasn't really worth it so I didn't
bother doing
[Laughter]
anymore that's where I'm out on that
fair enough yeah hey D have you heard
about the iPhone users having all their
notes deleted after accepting icloud's
new terms of service I had 6 months of
important notes not backed up due to my
5 gigs of iCloud being full
wow I have not heard uh but hey it just
works uh dude I feel like I'm going to
make some enemies with my iOS 18 iPhone
16 I know you will video I um I am I am
certain I cuz man I uh like there's one
point where I'm just like I think the
next time someone tells me it's magic it
just works whatever I I don't know if
I'll be able to help it I might just
laugh in their face like I it it's just
it's such a it's such a like
galactically stupid thing to say at this
point and I'm not saying that Android is
perfect and just works and I'm not
saying Windows is perfect and just works
I'm saying they're all trash they're all
human they're all full of bugs and
problems
like let's just let's just not pretend
that's that's it let's not pretend that
because someone says it so that it must
be thus Lee like that's not how things
work if
something like uh and I think the thing
that I was going off on was uh the way
to sign in to your Google account on an
iPhone um which I know how to do and and
we've talked about and I figured out but
it is just to say that that's intuitive
good design is just so utterly
incorrect um but I just I don't really
we're clearly not living on the same
Planet speaking the same language so I I
don't even know how to talk to you like
if you think that going into the Apple
Mail
app in order to sign into your Google
account systemwide is intuitive or good
design it's it's just not it just isn't
um and it's funny because I was
reflecting on it some more and you know
how the settings app is where it used to
be before that if I recall correctly it
actually used to be in the initial setup
with
am I am I remembering incorrectly cuz I
I seem to recall that it used to be I
think that was the case on Android oh
was definitely the case onid it's still
the case on Android but I recall seeing
that uh like like Google Microsoft that
that interface right when you are
setting up the phone
initially
um yeah no it was yeah it's it's it's
amazing yeah people are saying yes
yeah maldar the first says wait do they
not just have an account section in
settings no they do
not it is not there and the people that
are like well you're just used to
Android no apple used to have it you
could be used to literally any other
phone and that's where it should be yes
yes they do not have it and yes that is
on purpose you guys so so whenever
people say to me yeah Apple's just like
it's more intuitive they're just
wrong Apple's design can be
wrong and there's a lot of things they
did really well intuitive is subjective
though isn't it because it could be
intuitive to a different person who has
different expectations and different
approaches but you can measure these
things so one of the ways that I
measured this one was I checked the
number of ratings on the app store for
the first party Gmail app and the first
party Google Calendar app because if
you'll recall what I wanted to do was I
wanted to use my Gmail app and I wanted
to use Apple's calendar app because I
wanted to try it I I don't I don't
actually have any attachment to Apple's
calendar app uh but I wanted to try it
out but what I'm not interested in using
is Apple's mail app I I don't like it
I've never liked it um I prefer to just
use the Gmail app and what I found was
that the the Google Gmail app had 2.2
million ratings on the App Store the
Google Calendar app had like
100,000 so what I can tell you
objectively is that my setup where I
wanted to roll the Gmail app and Apple's
own calendar app is clearly a thing that
people are
doing 20 times the download rate of the
Gmail app versus the Google Calendar app
so the number of people replacing their
email client on the iPhone compared to
the number of people replacing their
calendar client with Google's first
party Alternatives or third party
Alternatives rather yeah but email is
something that's like like more
important it's it's it's less
replaceable than calendar because other
people have your
contact no no all I'm saying is is it
wasn't intuitive for me necessarily and
neither would it necessarily be for a
lot of people to open up Apple's mail
app and use that because clearly lots of
people don't use it they use the Google
one and clearly not all of those people
also replace the Google Calendar
app they want to do exactly what I
wanted to do use the Gmail app and the
Apple calendar app right 20 times as
many ratings so and you and you can't
you can't do what you're you sign oh you
can but if you sign into the Gmail app
it doesn't sign you in
systemwide in order to sign your Google
account in on an iPhone you have to
launch Apple's mail app and sign into
your Gmail
there okay there's nowhere else to do it
what is the system what other things are
handyman saying this isn't true um what
what other things are you trying to have
logged in I guess well I want my I want
my contacts to sync I want my Calendar
to sync I want I want my Google account
sign things like your your phone yeah
you can do it in the settings
no you
can't here it is in my pocket there's a
bunch of different people saying it
right now I think this is going to be
the biggest problem with the video
you're almost going to have to have like
an unlisted companion video that goes
over like just like actually it really
is this stupid here's the here's the
defense lus cam settings here we
go okay all right so here is y here we
go just making sure there's nothing
particularly okay here we go here is
settings accounts no no third party
accounts just iCloud just sign in with
apple nothing else here's the rest of
the settings app settings Apple account
iCloud that's the same thing isn't it
there is but it's not you can't sign
into to Gmail there settings Apple
account iCloud mail but I don't use
iCloud settings apps calendar accounts
settings hold on hold on hold on hold on
settings
apps apps where's app Okay
calendar um right below calculator
yeah are you kidding me there's a Google
button should we like go through so hold
on a second hold on a second is your
argument that that's
intuitive to add an account to that app
if you're an iOS user and it's worked
that way for 10 years like yeah but it
didn't use to how did it use to I don't
I never I've never want mainlined an
iPhone there used to be in settings An
accounts parent menu I handyman I don't
think he's saying that uh you didn't
show him two weeks ago he's saying that
that doesn't seem intuitive I'm saying
it's not
intuitive so we will have to do can you
not get there in the app or something or
like what's the no you can't that you
definitely cannot so that feels
unintuitive to me not be able to do it
in the app you can get there in the mail
app not in the calendar app but if I'm
an iOS user am I used to going to that
settings page to do things like that so
here's what happens here's what happens
when you open mail and you aren't signed
in you are prompted to sign in so that
thing that we got on the other page yes
here's what happens if you open up the
first party calendar app and you are not
signed
in yeah CU I'm assuming it just uses
like a local account which again this is
what I was kind of trying to point out
earlier is like ad calender no nothing
there add no that's an
event but but people are a little bit
more
uh is temporal the right word like like
are kind of whatever compared to an
email account sure but so hold on but
the part you're missing is I'm signing
into my email but I'm using the Gmail
app I don't want to use Apple's mail app
yeah but like I'm not interested in it I
don't necess if I sign into my Microsoft
account on my phone I don't necessarily
want to import my Microsoft calendar
into my calendar app no but you can be
prompted what you do or don't want to
sync when you add an account agree but
does it work that way like what's is
there a default calendar app on
oh it would be the Google Calendar on
Android Android yeah yeah I don't know
that it asks you if you want your
Microsoft calendar stuff in here add
another account can I add a
non-microsoft account this way checking
info Luke Su and stuff he's cing it's a
Google it immediately assumes a Google
account um manage accounts on this
device so that should that should bring
you to where
sets page but it it's not actually it's
not calendar
specific it's just like everything no
but you would go in your calendar app
and you would tell it which calendars
you want to
sync I'm in my calendar app though
and add another account is just Google
accounts and then I have manage accounts
which just brings me to All General
accounts Sor what's the question though
it's there's no there's no prompt to add
the Microsoft account
you're saying you're saying it would be
more intuitive if there's a prompt I'm
saying I don't think there's a prompt on
Android if there's a prompt to add what
though the the Microsoft Account oh the
Microsoft account no or I would say a
Apple calendar thing but I don't have
one of those so I can't no no I expected
account management the place I expected
to find account management was under my
name here at the top
sure oh
whoops dang it
I'm going to figure this out cam there
we go the place I would expect to find
it is under my name here at the top
where my Apple account and my iCloud is
I would I would expect to maybe find all
of my accounts there uh I might expect
it to find I might expect to find it
under accounts like under you know
General
accessibility uh you know Siri you know
all my accounts here um those are places
where I would expect to find
systemwide uh accounts that I log into
that work AC across multiple
apps what I wouldn't expect is for the
mail the the default mail and the
default calendar app to operate
completely different ways in terms of
adding a new account so when I when I
click on mail it immediately prompts me
hey do you want to sign in to one of
these types of accounts and we've got
important thing important account types
like AOL for example in there uh when I
go into the calendar one
itps for so the only real point that I
have with the calendar vers one is that
they behave completely differents after
I've already like gone into my my
settings menu and what would be the most
intuitive setting they different ways is
the unintuitive portion after I've
already gone into the settings and gone
okay where the devil do I sign into my
bloody Google account
mhm yeah I'm just saying it it's not
prompting you for
any other accounts on on Android
either um Ry saww says it was much
better in iOS 17 they created the new
apps menu at the bottom of settings in
iOS 18 if I recall correctly the whole
um finding finding
settings under apps has been a thing for
a really long time uh like I man I
forget there was something years ago
that I was trying to figure out how the
heck to do and it turns out that it was
like oh you was it was it something was
I trying to change something on the
camera or something I forget what it was
but I had to dig into apps in order to
change something that that seemed like
it would be sort of fundamental to the
system I know sorry
I so the so the goofy like hiding
settings in under apps thing um even
though they are systemwide and not
necessarily specific to that particular
app that's not new uh but I don't know
to your point I haven't used iOS 17 so I
don't know what they moved between I
think you just think that they should be
which is fine if they affect more than
one app yeah but that doesn't mean
they're systemwide it means they affect
that means they aren't that app that
setting is are you saying one setting is
changing things systemwide no I'm saying
when you log into a Google account yeah
but I don't think you're logging into a
systemwide account on iPhone well okay
well sorry we're using the term
systemwide very differently what I'm
saying is that you are logged into an
account that is inherently logged in the
second you open up another supported app
that uses that same login if I log into
my mail account immediately my calendars
will sync my contact authenticated and
all that okay okay okay okay so so
that's that's what doesn't make sense to
me why I have to open Apple's mail
account to do that or to your guys's
point I have to go dig into Apps find
something that happens to be Google will
will Chrome work
no chrome doesn't work I can't log into
my Google account in
Chrome brilliant
um I'll have to find a different one
docs docs doesn't work docs doesn't have
the
login drive maybe
drive uh the login for what though for
my Google account I I am not logged into
it but like so but if I go to mail if I
go to hold
on da da mail now I can log in my Google
account and it will work with those
other things can you can you view
Outlook through the Gmail app I don't
use Outlook so I don't know yeah like I
I don't know if maybe you can I don't
know if you can add third-party apps to
the the Gmail account so I think the
fact that theirs is
clunky what apparently you can really
you can add Outlook to the Gmail account
oh oh wait oh okay yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah okay I don't have it set up that
way yeah yeah no the Gmail the Gmail app
is just a mail client multifunction mail
yep yeah 100% like what I'm looking at
right now is if and I don't want to show
you guys sorry if I go add an account
yes this will eventually load and it's
it's only Google accounts yeah so okay
fine if I go manage accounts on this
device y it brings me to password pass
keys and autofill and it doesn't bring
up things that could sync not if I use
that phone then I would say that that's
trash and that's not intuitive yeah okay
so my point is not that Android is
better yeah my point is that that is
terrible and is not intuitive if I
wanted to log in an account if I had
never touched an Android phone or an
iPhone
before and I wanted to and I wanted to
get get my like Google Calendar and that
was like the first thing that I wanted
to
do where do I go from here how would I
how would I do it from here there is
literally no way to be prompted to sign
into some other type of account
literally no way I'm not going to lie
I'm immediately lost because I I feel so
lost the second I touch an iPhone that's
not an iPhone problem that's a that's a
me problem but um yeah I would
personally like there to be a setting in
the app somewhere I generally like it
when I can fully operate things from
within the app I don't like it when I
have to go to external settings on on
anything whether that's a a desktop
device um any form of phone whatever it
doesn't matter so the you just
fundamentally don't understand how this
is working it's not a systemwide account
what you're saying is false I believe uh
if I want my Calendar to sync I have to
sign in to the mail
app really
yes now I was shown that other way I can
also
into right so I can also go into
settings
apps
calendar and I can add a calendar
account
[Music]
here so it's not going through the mail
app but but it's still it's still a lot
of clicks clunky that's what you're
saying and it was a very different
interface compared to when I went to the
mail app and I was immediately prompted
to sign into my Gmail so if you open
mail first the way that you're being
trained to interact with the phone is
not the same as when you open the
Calendar app correct
yeah settings apps calendar accounts
make sense to me though it does make
sense to me too but his point is that
when you open the mail app another
first-party app that is highly related
to calendar I would say um it doesn't
work the same way yeah so he just just
in case you didn't see that he clicked
on the mail app he's not currently
signed into anything so it immediately
prompts him to log into stuff when he
clicks on the calendar app there is no
prompt now I have an iCloud account
because you have to sign into an iCloud
account in order to like sign into the
phone in order to set up the phone as
far as I know can you set it up without
an Apple account maybe you can I've
never tried um so that's the calendars
that it's pulling it's pulling like
ancient Apple calendars open open
calendar I saw this button earlier but I
didn't really think about it open
calendar click on find
it go
away click on calendars at the bottom
calendar at the bottom here we go and
then I think I saw it was like uh add
calendar yeah yep uh
nope add holiday calendar add
subscription calendar and family
calendar what's just add calendar what's
add calendar
again so is it fixed on iCloud can you
click the thing that says
iCloud yeah I don't know
guys I don't know what to tell you
a calendar can be local to your Vice
only yeah I pointed that out earlier um
mail is not just local yeah yeah yeah um
I don't know I I get why I understand
what lonus is saying I also get why it
might not work that way um I would like
that add a calendar thing that we just
did it it literally shows an account
line that's like it's it says account
and then there's a grade out text on the
side that says iCloud and I was like if
that just was able to be whatever you
wanted then or it opened a prompt to log
into another account yeah sure whatever
yeah that's what I would try to do if I
wanted to log into my calendar app I
would go to my calendar app and this is
exactly what I tried to do I went into
my calendar app stop it I went into my
calendar app I went to calendars I went
to add calendar pretty intuitive I went
to add calendar pretty intuitive and I
was like and now there's yeah which it
feels broken almost there's there's a
line that says account and then on the
right it's grade out and says I calendar
and he can't interact with it at all
what's up with that that seems weird is
something wrong no set up Google in
settings mail then turn on everything
then in calendar tap on the word
calendar at the bottom and add it there
which is exactly what I've been trying
to say so that makes it a global account
if you do it that way well not Global
account but it it makes it so that your
like access your Google crap will syn
yeah see that's wacky I'm sorry but that
is you're right I missed something it
actually doesn't change my point at all
that these two systems behave very such
a blood bath of a video very differently
from each
other you should do like oh man it might
be brutal it might suck yeah I think it'
be kind of fun if you did a stream
like whatever the duration of the video
is after the video launches you start a
live
stream and then just basically do this
that'd be kind of fun
actually real time the um actually
comments you're pissed about Apple fight
me live bro like I don't know it' be
kind of interesting thank you m everyone
saying he's wrong is nitpicking the
minutia and missing the entire actual
point missing the forest for the trees
as it were you guys what like what do
you want me to say you guys are right
that I didn't think to go digging into a
submenu of a submenu of a sub menu
instead of just opening the app and
signing in the way that I did in the
other one I would hope that's what
that's the problem skill issue to sign
into mail I just open the mail app and I
sign into mail which will also allow me
to sync my contacts and my calendars and
and my my Google stuff that I need for
work
if I want to sign into
calendar I open
calendar and it's a complete dead
end uh handyman saying because on iPhone
all settings are expected to be under
settings apps that's just Apple's
approach may not like it but it's their
way of doing it yeah there's lots of
settings that are not under what happens
when they're not matter Tim said does it
matter that Apple's guide on this
explains it well and I found it quick I
think good documentation matters and
then he linked it I don't think you
should need a guide for logging into
your I think needing a guide inherently
means it's not intuitive if we're using
the word intuitive for what it's
supposed to mean
um yeah so be overly defensive line is
here but um the intuitive using or based
on what one feels to be true even
without conscious reasoning so needing
to look up a guide
automatically yeah
man anything to do with iOS man is uh
it's I don't know it's
spicy it's just a it's a really funny
thing
because I
um I say look I uh I think hot dogs are
unintuitive and people
go hamburgers are so much less
unintuitive lonus
luses HG the ingredients slide around I
think they're both unintuitive I think I
think there's problems with
both and I think to I think to I think
to make this argument that this is that
this is good design is just um like I
don't really I don't really know what to
tell
you if I can and and you say look it's
the apple way that the settings for it
are in the are in the apps part of the
settings
menu okay so is the account that you're
logged into a setting
yes or
no I think I would generally think so
sure so then for the mail app it should
be in the settings of the mail
app it should not prompt me when I open
it then it might even be useful in my
opinion to make it so
that uh and I think some apps do work
that way maybe not in the Apple
ecosystem but if it was like we you're
not signed in press this button to go to
the settings and it like opens the
settings app and like makes a little bit
of a display of like sure but it doesn't
do that yeah and that's the problem Avon
fox says it's not that it's that you say
it's trash cuz it's not for how your
brain works is insulting for PE to
people for whom it is
um when something when when UI or ux is
inconsistent that's bad that's
measurably that's measurably bad that's
not that's not the goal
and because we're used to something does
not mean that it's good and when I say
something's bad it's not personal the
fact that you're used to it or you like
it it's not personal it's literally my
job to point out things that are
unintuitive or that aren't good about
technology something that I will never
understand though yeah is and and this
is again coming from Android brain
because it's the only thing I've used um
my mom always struggled with Android she
would find ways to email me text
messages is uh wow like that's kind of
impressive there is weird like no but
she could not send me a normal text
message I would just receive emails that
were text messages and like I don't I've
never actually even done that yeah like
it's it's weird it's not a normal email
it's not you know she sent an email with
text in it no it's a text message in an
email right like as an attachment yeah
or something it was very odd it was
years ago but it was very weird and she
had lots of other crazy weird s with her
Android phone and then uh she was
working in the movie industry for a
while and they had like standardized on
some iOS stuff I don't remember what it
was um so she needed an iPhone she got
an iPhone instantly
perfect in power user no issues I
remember you telling me about this
because to her the whole like like like
uh throwing away an app was just like
super intuitive instant Y no thoughts
immediately worked like the most
intuitive thing you could ever imagine
and then I try to go do something on her
phone I'm like I don't know what's
happening I set up my aunt with an
iPhone years ago because basically I
didn't want to coach her on how to use
her phone yeah and it's been very
painless it works so like I they got
something going on um um so people are
people are pointing out things that are
just um like I I I don't really oh man I
don't really I don't really know what to
say to you so Zen THX says mail prompts
you because it has nothing to load if
you aren't signed in but okay please my
problem was never that mail prompted me
to sign in he liked that part if
anything that's good yeah my problem was
that when I did the same behavior the
same user behavior and I opened my
calendar it did not prompt me to log in
and had absolutely no way for me to log
in and no breadcrumb Trail for me to
follow to log in
nothing if we agree that the account
you're logged into is a setting and if
we agree that Apple put settings under
settings apps and the name of the app
then we agree that the mail account that
we log in should be there only there
with no way to link to it it from the
app itself but that is not the case
therefore the mail app follows a
different set of rules from the Calendar
app guys are we there yet did we get
there nidex or N idx I don't know said I
think it's hubris to not ever look for
help in the modern era and has good
docks and he's talking about the fact
that there's a good dock on how to do
this one of the problems that you guys
are some of you guys are really
struggling with is the word intuitive if
he has to look up a help DOC for
something it is not intuitive to him
flat out there's no there's no other
interpretation of that if he has to look
up a help do for something it is not
intuitive for also I did figure it
out I figured out to log into the mail
app that's not the
problem Oh
Boy Cape says when will you have a video
criticizing Android he had many
tons it's it's amazing for for years for
many years it's amazing the selective
The Selective perception that people
have but you're insulting my My Tribe
less this entire video was dunking on
the deplorable state of AOSP yeah that
might not have been the best video
example to bring up it was 2 months ago
I I I understand that not everyone
agrees with the premise of the video
yeah but the premise of the video was
what the premise of the video was you
guys aren't wrong that is stock Android
it is stock Android whether you like it
or not I just don't know how applicable
it is because it doesn't apply to
anybody but that was our Point yeah our
point was that sock Android's kind of
dead and we discussed some of the
reasons that it's kind of dead for users
yeah yes
um uh let's see let's see
uh I'm trying to remember cuz I'm pretty
sure we did um
I'm pretty sure we've done rant Style
videos on
both IOS and Android or have we only
done you know what no we haven't we did
um I really wonder if you should somehow
I don't know how you would do this is
the video already shot uh partially I
wonder if you should somehow get like a
subset of you know those videos that are
trending right now iPhones are just
better they put yeah six years ago there
you go uh they have like somebody in a
chair with a table and another chair
across from it in the middle of a room
and then a circle of people around it
and Android is just better all those
people in the circle versus the one
person yeah yeah yeah that's already on
the calendar oh okay I don't so I I feel
like you should like basically get a
subset of like Apple Fans I can think of
one T3 Theo oh we could definitely find
some and then give them your talking
points for the video and then fight
their talking points like in the video
because I i' i'
I don't know honestly that probably
won't even help anything no it won't
help it won't help anything Luke I mean
the fact that people don't think I
criticize
Android is all that you really need to
know about the sort of selection bias of
um the perception of my takes on these
things I have been hyper critical of
Windows Android iOS Mac OS basically
like I said my entire job is looking at
things and going this is what could be
better about
them I also highlight things I really
like I just I'm just trying to take
because I I know this obviously this
video is going to be a blood bath so I'm
I'm just trying to figure out like how
do we how do we how do we pull all the
iron out of it and make a sword um how
do we like how do we do something cool
with that basically so like there's the
the stream that starts the the total
duration of the video after the the
video goes live um there's this like I
don't know picking like five Apple
creators and then having them fight you
on it or something um change my mind
style I don't know yeah I think that'd
be kind of I think that'd be kind of fun
yeah cuz especially like it could even
be genuinely helpful cuz as long as
people come in with like an
understanding that you might end up
agreeing to
disagree then it's probably just going
to be like a good conversation
I don't
know separate what his personal opinion
and fact the whole conversation we're
having right now is that that seems to
be a very difficult thing like I I'm not
going against Avon Fox here to be clear
but that seems to be a very difficult
thing with a lot of topics and this is
one of them for this this is definitely
one of which is just baffling to me
because so weird at the end of the day
if you ripped my Android phone out of my
hands I'd use an iPhone yeah like I um
there' be things that bother me about it
just like there are things that bother
me about my Android phone um tacky the
penguin says you're really straining for
aat which is not an expression I've
heard before but I think I kind of like
it you're straining for aat if your
biggest issue with iOS is how you sign
into calendars it
isn't it's just not
intuitive who said it was and what I and
what I said was anyone who tells me that
is intuitive I'm sorry but I I I have to
take exception and then I laid out why
would you take the biggest exception
with this issue I laid out the only
exception you have in very clear like
like the like in very clear mathematical
terms why it's not
intuitive and how the one app behaves
differently from the other app and if we
accept this rule that the account we're
signed into is a setting and settings
can only be here and are not linked to
from the app then the fact that one
behaves one way and one behaves the
other way is not compatible with each
other and and that is not intuitive and
pretty easy to solve as well actually
extremely easy to solve yeah it is it is
it is so easy to solve and is so
intuitive to solve in fact some people
who opposed my criticism of Apple in the
chat today were saying it's so simple
you just click add calendar but it
wasn't there yeah why wasn't it there I
don't
no it seems like something's wrong cuz
like why why would that line even be
there if you can't do anything with it
and that's where like my brain feels
like it's broken and maybe this is
Android brain I don't know
because I I I expected I would be able
to click on that and it would list the
various systemwide accounts that I have
and there would be an account add
account option maybe it brings me out to
some other menu and I have to add a
systemwide account there's 10 trillion
authentication steps and it puts its
fingers into everything in my phone and
whatever else but like that's the flow
that I would expect I would not expect
a uh a line that is completely not
interactable on a page of inputs that's
not something I would expect like ever
to be
honest Apple was forced to make setting
up mail as easy as Apple
Mail
great okay so you're saying then that
the fact that they work differently is
because Apple put
user hostile design that's not the
argument you wanted to make in their
calendar app and left it there because
they were never forced to change
[Laughter]
it
yikes why are they like
[Music]
this and now they want to change the
subject
well you got to go to settings and then
there's the change subject app settings
which are only in settings yeah but it's
in the settings of the subject app not
in the global settings oh and it's under
a hamburger menu I got another merch
message for you here we're going to be
here all night and Luke's birds are
going to get sad
lus do you want to move on we can keep
talking about this if you want all right
cool lus I need paint my house it's only
uh 1,150 ft people tell me rolling looks
worse than spraying is it worth buying a
sprayer just for a onetime use rolling
be okay get good at rolling uh it's not
that hard um basically what it just
comes down to is make sure you apply
enough material and then kind of spread
it out and level it out without um
pressing too hard and then make sure
that you've got a light on nearby cuz
while it's wet it's really it kind of
has a Sheen and it's really easy to see
any spots where you've got too much
paint built up and it'll drip so make
sure that you go right away um and and
kind of level those out without a ton of
paint on the roller before moving on to
the next area um cut in the edges first
even though it's like tedious and it
feels like you're not making any
progress even though you're doing the
vast majority of the work you're
covering the minority of the wall and
then uh and then do your uh and then
you're rolling after makes the yeah the
remaining a lot easier yeah use a drop
sheet no matter how careful you think
you can be use a drop sheet because as
you roll the roller it turns obviously
and when you got paint on it'll flick
out little bits of paint so as long as
you have a drop sheet down there it'll
grab everything why would you say using
a spray is
unintuitive I I yeah sure I'll I'll tell
you paint sprayer operation is often not
very intuitive sure I'm just messing no
I'm good I I I will I will die on that
Hill the Apple One honestly doesn't
matter to me that much but I will die on
the paint sprayer Hill Del M was like I
just tagged me and said I hate
you fair enough oh man okay uh
B this is a hard end of the show being
seeing the hoodie all week on tech and
gamelink and couldn't wait for it to
drop the wife and I are suckers for cozy
clothing line what's the next step in
foldables that makes it
mainstream I man I don't know for apple
to make
one and I don't think they will uh it's
been rumored for a long time they're
clearly looking at the technology they'd
be crazy not to be looking at it at the
very least but they obviously have a lot
of work to do on making their signin
process consistent from app to app so
they still haven't figured out how to
make the camera BMP they only have one
developer so got to give them time let
them cook yeah currently they're working
on the calendar login um we'll have to
come back to foldable compatibility they
got they got T9 dialing nailed though
nice good job yeah they did it deserves
a promotion then they'll have zero devs
I actually I actually love it I love T9
dialing it's so great the um the way
that Apple handles all your different um
phone call accounts so to speak your
different voice uh communication methods
is amazing here call me call me on the
phone sorry I'm just very tempted to Doo
said a good one which was uh why are you
saying that flat screens are so
[Music]
[Laughter]
unintuitive okay I'm calling okay
okay okay so so so check this out uh
yeah there's no okay so it comes up like
this this right and then if I want to
answer then I just you know hit my
button or whatever okay call me on teams
now we'll be here for a half hour no no
it's
cool I hate teams so much you really do
okay so this is cool watch
this how cool is
that the interface is that's really nice
identical that's genuinely very nice and
the best part is if I go into my call
log
CH both that's really nice yeah that's
intuitive that's very intuitive very
intuitive objectively intuitive
genuinely very cool I actually I am
envious of that feature it's especially
nice uh like for carplay because I don't
have to think about what slightly
different interface might come up like
when I get a WhatsApp call in the car on
Android it sucks yeah they have
different bring up a little thing swipy
things and whatever yeah annoying yep so
it's very very intuitive okay so Apple
people are you okay now are you good
that is genuinely like as someone who
doesn't use iPhones that is sick and I
wish I had that are you good are you
okay are we are we over the calendar
thing probably not and how the settings
are not in the same place and that's
objectively actually kind of stupid but
but this isn't this is not stupid this
is really good well they are they are in
the they something that's not no they're
not in the same place they are but
they're also sometimes in a different
place but not they are one time in a
different place yeah yeah yeah which is
except when they aren't in that
different place yeah which is not
intuitive yeah but this you know what
makes something intuitive when someone
who's never seen it before is like whoa
that's really intuitive yeah that was
pretty intuitive wasn't it yeah and oh
man not having to like bananas sometimes
swipe left and sometimes swipe out of a
circle and sometimes press a circle on
Android the call receiving like button
it's just different depending on how
someone's calling you it's incredibly
stupid we concede the calendar for the
acknowledgement of call
history the Apple nation has
accepted the
Diplomatic oh man so yeah I there's lots
of things that I actually love about it
that are objectively better dude the
dedicated um the dedicated voice input
button at the bottom of the screen
that's just always right there whenever
you have your keyboard up and you don't
have to long press and it does
punctuation automatically which is super
cool there's there's tons of stuff
that's really good I've I've got a I've
got one my swift key one so I use a
third party keyboard right ah I've been
using the same third partyy keyboard for
so long I don't remember what normal one
is so I use a third party keyboard and
mine puts it way across
the screen but with apple regardless of
whether you're using a first party
keyboard or a third party keyboard
there's a voice input button that is
independent of that and that sits under
it which is really intuitive
sure there you go we good you got a
Bonus one got two things now yeah you
got a Bonus one you owe the the Android
Nation something is there a next topic
no there's no other topic this is it
leave uh okay
that there isn't Carson asks uh in your
experience does iCloud no no no I'm just
kidding they want balance float plane
chat wants balance they want a negative
thing I'm going
home oh
man I want to try one honestly I've
never done it an iPhone yeah I tried an
iPad and then immediately threw it out I
was going to say I feel like you'd go
insane I would the iPad we're not
talking about this I love the iPad shut
up L dude have you ever used an Android
say it is the superior TBL only with
extreme custom firmware it's not even
close no lonus says someone who
practices 321 backups are M diss or
Blu-Rays viable I bought some recently
to backup archive some important stuff
but now I'm wondering if my efforts are
better spent elsewhere um very viable no
M disk is totally a different class of
storage devices tape are you familiar
with them uh yeah but is he like
actively using them uh well you don't
they're just like an archival grade DVD
essentially yeah yeah so if you have
like uh like legal documents or
something like that I would say out of
tape M disk Blu-ray throw them on M
disks that's that's the way to go for
something that you really want to not
rot um I would trust that more than a
hard drive in storage that's actually
been a big problem for um data recovery
companies is some of those drives are
getting so old that even if they're
brand new and sitting in storage they're
just like they don't last forever
whereas M dis discs I think are rated
for like a thousand years or something
like that I don't know that they'd
actually last that long but they're
rated for an extremely long time What is
tape rated for um well it's more that
it's more physically fragile a disc has
no moving
parts so I I would be personally a
little more comfortable with with m
um it's also like you can just get like
a fireproof file cabinet and just you
could store a functionally unlimited
number of M diss in that compared to
like tapes yeah um and and the tapes
would store more especially like more
modern um more modern tape formats but
if you're doing legal documents yeah
then it's it's purely archal tiny files
yeah and yeah they're small files anyway
and if you're going back to and and
having having like like smaller amounts
and just like a ton of them in and
putting labels on them versus like how
much how much stuff do you have to back
up to this one tape before you finally
put it in the archive I'd almost be
afraid to like have a pending have
enough data pending that I'm I'm going
to fill up a tape before I can put it
away you kind of get what I mean don't
you need special software for tape as
well that remembers where all the data
is on the tape itself you need uh and oh
and you need an expensive uh reader and
writer whereas mdisk can be written on
not quite commodity but slightly more
expensive burners I I didn't realize
actually
I yeah I didn't realize quite how not as
long tape lasted as I thought yeah no
tap had a longer I don't use it
though cool I don't know just put it in
an S3 bucket and let it be Amazon's
problem to delete all your data is it is
it is it is it not intuitive it's not
very intuitive I just put everything on
iCloud I mean if it lasts a long time
they should call it Lisk yeah
but then they might think it's like
lineus dis
yeah might not be very intuitive
no I'm a small vintage Tech YouTuber
with 1,000 subs and you guys are a big
influence to me they call it long
dis yeah I mean that might be a little
unintuitive though because if the
association is also Linus then people
could get a false impression I mean you
don't know well I guess well I kind of
know oh all right then hey Von Fox what
about second disc a dis a
dis it's okay
dis moderately acceptable
disc H I'm
the oh man okay all
right hi yes Dan sorry hi I'm a small
vendage YouTuber uh with about a
thousand subs and you guys are a big
influence to me would you ever take a
small Creator and have your team punch
up a vid to see how much Pro editing can
drive
views H interesting uh it's more than
just editing I mean it's writing hosting
editing topic selection thumbnail there
lwi did a really interesting experiment
a while ago actually where um he tried
to
how successful he could be as a new
YouTuber using none of
his contacts not using his own likeness
his own face or anything like that uh
basically trying to pick a topic using I
think it was like someone else's voice
and doing a like image SL video with
voice uh with voiceover thing I don't
know I don't know if how I would find
this uh
lwig someone already find the link holy
Cy
dude yeah that was fast thanks nerdy or
nerd okay um lewig I made a secret
YouTube channel to prove it's not luck
this was wildly successful um this video
is genuinely super interesting he talks
about uh topic selection um he talked
about how how he was able to promote it
so like he wrote this video the title is
really good how adore made this man a
million dollars like I would click on
that
it's that he knows so it'ser named M I
don't think he actually used like
technically Insider knowledge that
someone else couldn't know I don't
remember I watched this a long time ago
so he kind of artificially through his
own prior knowledge created a very
meticulously researched video that
someone else could have made yeah I I
think that was it I'm pretty sure um and
then he he shows about like promoting
and stuff too so creating the channel he
goes through all those details making a
thumbnail BL blah blah blah um and then
at some point in time I don't remember
where it is yeah he he like promotes it
because he chose making a video about a
streamer who does reaction
videos so that he could link it in their
stream and they would likely watch it
because you like if you if we if we if
someone linked us a video like hey
someone made a video I don't it's it's
likely I don't think it's likely watch
on not for us but a lot of other people
we're not that edgy and especially not
right now um but a lot of streamers
would so he links it to them and then
they actually do watch it on stream at
some point um that gets it a bunch of
traction people liked the video he tells
them to go subscribe whatever and it
starts the channel off and it's it's
like it's really interesting because he
genuinely goes through all the
steps um yeah this is this is like M kif
watching the video I guess yeah that's
him watching it I don't remember if they
actually show the like metrics of the
channel what's the fair use situation of
lwig using mizkif's reaction video of
Ludwig's video that he made is it is it
intuitive um yeah I don't I don't
remember like how well it did but I mean
first time video and we're talking about
views from different areas in in the
thousands like that's pretty cool yeah
that's very
cool so I don't know you can do it I
don't necessarily think it's like just
particularly having good editing or just
having particularly good something else
you need to bring everything together um
for it to be intuitive yeah I mean I
think that I think it would I think it
could be I think it could be an
interesting experiment but it would have
to be we'd have to be Allin like you'd
basically we'd basically have to like
like breing bring a production crew to
you you'd have to kind of tell us okay
here's five Concepts that I have um we'd
kind of have to massage them and go okay
this is your best one this is probably
your strongest angle for it oh one and a
half million views okay I mean it's
riding on the back of this video which
has 6.5 million views hard to evaluate
now um so we'd have to come all the way
out there we'd probably have to kind of
use our process right you'd tell us kind
of everything you know and then I would
lay out all the like the intro the story
beats the conclusion we'd figure out how
to package it can we make a YouTuber you
would yeah you would sit there and you
would read the you would read the the
script but I I don't know if uh if
you're on float plane you might have
seen this before um but there's a
there's a behind the scenes of me
working with Ryan Shrout and Tom
Peterson who both at the time were at
Intel I think shrout's moved on I think
tap's still there
um but basically there's a behind the
scenes of me coaching them on their part
in our video on Intel Arc uh where
effectively I just say okay repeat
exactly after
me and what's really special about this
product
is and what's really special about this
product is so essentially like like like
showing them the exact intonation that
they need in order to make the delivery
a little bit more Dynamic and engaging
so I would probably have to do that
unless you're amazing at it already
which you might be I'm I'm not you
didn't even say exactly what your
channel was so I'm I'm not sure what it
is and then from there we would have to
kind of show you okay well what does it
look like to put together all the
guidance for the visuals that are going
to support this then we'd edit
it then we'd edit it um and at that
point I I don't know it's tough like
um we haven't really answered your
question like how much Pro editing
drives it because there's so much more
to the editing process than just the
edit so I don't know what to tell you
yeah lus what advice would you give a
young Canadian business owner I'm from
Ontario
run to LTD store and get these good
deals
um man
run it's been a long
week uh be prepared the whole world let
alone let alone Canada is in um has been
you know in not great
economic yeah space for a while now um
this a new thing everyone talks about
the impact on consumers of inflation
because most people are consumers rather
than business owners but businesses are
absolutely impacted by it as well yeah
and and and on both ends right because
on the one side you've got your
suppliers or your partners demanding
more because of inflation and then on
the other side you've got your uh your
labor force demanding more because of
the impact of inflation on them so in a
way you're kind of caught in a squeeze
if you increase the price of your
product some people might not be able to
afford it anymore despite everything
else
because they might not be getting raises
from their companies to keep up even if
you're giving your people um raises so
you're you're you might have less less
um revenue and haa asks uh lonus and
Luke Trudeau or Pierre
yes no we have a deao two-party system
Luke no I know but
yes wasn't it so cool when he was like
going to get rid of first pass he was
like it's done dude getting rid of it
bro it's obviously really stupid and you
all voted me in for this reason so I'm
definitely going to do it I am uh and
then I didn't I know that there's been
plenty of other things hell yeah that
Captain JT has um has screwed up deem
but the one that I am actually by far by
far the most angry about is first pass
the post it enrages me as well like
election reform is something that um you
know I would think that Canadians and
Americans uh the need for election
reform I would think is something that
Canadians and Americans should
probably all be pretty aligned on at the
citizen level um and the fact that they
that he promised he was going to get
that done and then was
like
psych not cool JT not cool br
not cool bro there's like like we there
was a our own Province for the Americans
that's the same thing as a state well
it's not yeah that's fair yeah anyways
it's like a state except it's like it's
actually part of Canada instead of like
wanting to be its own thing completely
yeah yeah but except for Alberta and
Quebec they also want to be their own
thing
completely except for a lot of the
anyways yeah I'm not sure how stoked the
Prairies are on the whole like
Commonwealth either but you know
whatever
yeah BC kind of hides on the other side
of the Rockies and pretends we're part
of Washington yeah yeah we us us
Washington State and Oregon State as far
as I can tell like like if the whole if
the whole rest of the world went to crap
I think I we could probably get Yukon in
there like I I think if the whole rest
of the world went to crap we could all
probably kind of come together and be
like
Pacific Northwest Land rainland yeah
yeah we like it wet
um uh what else I going say yeah we had
a we had a provincial election here
recently and
I I was looking into it cuz I was like I
want to be an informed voter and I I
found the like the platforms page for
the three parties he sends this to me in
the middle of the night he's like oh my
God like what are you talking about the
the like
it it really felt like genuinely someone
in grade
four was like um this would be uh I
don't know they like asked chat GPT like
how should I make a bad political
campaign and they were like I don't know
do this and then they actually published
it like it's stunning that people put
this on paper and I mean that for both
of the main two parties dude think about
it when you were in grade 11 grade 12
okay and you like put together a project
on something and you like did some
research or whatever and you did a
presentation at the front of the class
it seems like it went further than
those that as far as I can tell a lot of
people never really progress past that
in terms of like their research and
presentation and D data compilation
skills and and and you you would think
you would think but of all I mean you
know these are people in like a position
of you know where it's really important
for them to be able to do this that's
been a wild realization like as an adult
and it it still gets me it still gets me
often where I'm like oh like this
person's coming from from I don't know
this this company or this this area of
whatever educational background and and
you you start conversing with them and
you're like oh okay like this is going
to be great I'm going to like I'm going
to learn so much it's going to be so so
useful or interesting or or whatever the
scenario that you're in is and then you
start actually working with them and
you're like oh
okay you're just like a dude well
everyone's just a dude yeah like that's
the thing right all right like we I
don't know it's funny we we we leave you
know school where we look around at all
our peers and we're like everyone's just
a dude we're like and then we go into
the real world and we're like oh you're
a librarian and you're a dentist and
you're a bus driver and you're a this
and you're that and it's like no no no
no you're all just dudes you're doing
those things the hope is that when
you're in high school you're you're like
progressing so much year to year that
when you leave High School I think I
think there's probably still some amount
of assumption that like you're really
going to be progressing a lot so like if
someone worked in a field for 20 years
you're going to expect like this
unobtainium feeling level of of
expertise and that does
exist sometimes it oh it totally does
for sure Luke I don't know what was more
enlightening for me when I had children
and realized
that kids are just tiny adults
yep yeah sorry I
keep or when the inverse dawned on
me just a bunch of really big kids
walking
around and to be clear to be
clear present party included I not some
kind of paragon of maturity let's be
real here oh yeah dude
I still I still feel like I have
honestly a lot of the St the same wants
and desires and inverse not Converse
that I did when I was 15 14 honestly
like you know the approach might be
different dude we crystallize like way
younger than I think people are
comfortable thinking about yeah like
going to my 20year high school of
reunion I'm
like yeah did you go yeah why not I
haven't gone any of them yeah
hot take don't be too cool to go to a
reunion it's not even that I just yeah
not what no it totally is I've most of
the people that I've talked to about it
it basically boiled down to like I'm too
cool to care about this no I I I'm still
in contact with honestly a lot of people
from my high school sure so like I don't
know we'll like go have a campfire with
like 20 of them this is my reunion but
that's not the reunion yeah that's not
the point of it I'm not saying I'm too
cool for the other one I just don't care
but it's not because I'm too cool I
objectively don't think I'm
cool I just I'll let you guys unpack all
of that I'm not going to go yep yep I'm
not interested
yep charge nuclei says it's because
everyone else is less cool deep blue v
says sure Luke sure no I just fox says
which makes you cool I think if you're
not in contact with a bunch of people
from your high school could be good to
also in the age of Facebook I think
that's another big change cuz there
there are people from my high school
that I'm not actively in contact with
but every once in a blue moon I'm like I
wonder what they're up to and then I go
click oh and then I'm done I didn't need
more than that I don't know look I I
only stayed for about 15 minutes because
well because uh it was one of my kids
birthday party that day okay and so I
was like well I I I'd like to go I'll go
show my face say hi and you know see
what see if there's anyone that I
recognize um some of them I didn't I I
like I had a pretty big class and I was
a loser so like I was actually not cool
you had a pretty big class you didn't go
to like a I thought you went to like a a
farm School basically well yeah well
were you commuting at I had to drive a
fair bit to get there it was like 20
minute drive how big was your gr your
your my uh well when I say pretty big
class I mean for me to remember all the
names and faces like our our school was
a about I want to say about 1,500 or
something like that so my class was a
few hundred people I think yeah I think
you're at a bigger school but part of
the problem for me is that um I was in
the like I was I was kind of in my like
streamlined pod um so I was taking like
challenge courses and AP courses so I
saw a lot of the same like 25 people and
I saw very little of the rest of the 90%
of the class oh interesting I saw I saw
a lot of those folks and like I took
metal art and Jewelry
um we had a really small believe it or
not so we like we only had one AP course
if I remember correctly it AP English oh
yeah okay like there wasn't like so you
you were often like I was quite mixed
amongst everybody we only for AP I think
we only had English as well so challenge
was just our internal like uh name for
like a slightly more challenging version
of what is essentially the same
curriculum never whereas AP is its own
like separate entity that like organizes
things oh Dan is saying we're over time
oh we're over
time yeah um you okay L uh I am still
good but not for like a long time okay
cool yeah I just needed to check in yeah
no that's good we just wrap up pretty
soon here
yeah yeah I don't know I'm not like
against it I just I just don't
care got Facebook spoken like a true
cool guy sounds like a very cool answer
I met somebody oh my goodness oh my I
met somebody from you know it's like
whatever man like yeah we're all just
kind of going through life I'm just not
that into it I could go to the high
school reunion or I could do it but like
I don't know or I could do something way
more important and
sexy could hang out with my beautiful
partner and my my birds and my cool uh
my birds are pretty cool okay my cool
friend I I met somebody at the gym that
uh I went to something heavy I went to
Elementary and Middle School with and
that was cool but they don't do like
Elementary and Middle School reunions
like those people I actually don't have
contact with anymore any of them so you
would go that was pre you would go to a
grade seven Reunion yeah actually
interesting because I don't remember
almost any of their names I don't have
any contact with them anymore because
that was pre Facebook and stuff you know
what's funny is I actually had the exact
same thought like two weekends ago I was
back in Ladner and I was at Shy's bar
and grill with my my grandparents the
kids great-grandparents and um of it
this is more true and the the
waitress bore a striking resemblance to
someone that I went to school with the
age wasn't right like they were younger
but I was like holy crap I wonder if
they're a relative of of this girl I
went to school with um I I didn't want
to ask cuz people don't interact in
person anymore yeah and it'd be like a
weird thing to ask someone speaking is
weird hey do you have a do you have a
relative
named whatever like you look like
someone I know it it almost seems like a
pickup line you know oh yeah really I
don't well you never know people people
apparently just like don't approach each
other in person anymore so so anything
sounds like a pickup line I I would
think so fair enough and I was just like
it was unnecessary I don't actually care
that much so I I wasn't going to like
say anything weird uh aroth says yeah
that's a fair concern in my opinion make
as advis says I accidentally picked up a
girl that way okay so there you go I'm
apparently not completely crazy I do
think it would have been fine I was
there with my wife and my kids and my
grandparents like yeah that kind of
diffuses a lot of that clearly I'm not
making a move but never underestimate
how scummy a dude could be so and and
modern relationships sometimes exactly
who knows exactly very who knows who
those kids are actually born from yeah
yep um what about second wife say mine
still anyway uh the point is it it made
me think about someone that I hadn't
thought about you
Aude would because came on theels Aunt
ran into the mom of like my Elementary
School BFF who was like oh yeah he's
like moving to North Vancouver and like
has a kid and stuff and I was like it's
crazy to think about what you know um
yeah like I I don't know I I think
that'd be cool like I left I left my
Elementary School my first elementary
school after grade
too so like being able to be like hey
remember me no I have I well I
I I uh I'm pretty
[Music]
cool I don't even want to like tell this
story I mean I think you're committed
now so let's go cool guy I think it was
grade one I kissed some girl W that's
pretty cool like who the heck was that
you kiss girls you don't even remember
them and this guy says no I really don't
think I'm that cool Dam damn I don't
know to you guys I've held so many hands
I don't even know I don't even know how
many hands I've
held if I remember correctly I've had so
many cups of tea if I remember correctly
one of us was like hurt or something I
pulled on so many pigtails my God if I
remember
correctly I'm just going to go for it
any anyways and uh whichever one
actually like initiated it did so
because like their parents would do that
when they were hurt to try to calm them
down so it wasn't it wasn't we're in
grade like one it wasn't what he thought
wow he's he's been emotionally
intelligent and caring since wow my look
at this guy God you're cool God you're
so cool I can't you
guys mind Paradox
says yeah definitely friends from grade
school I'd love to see again but High
School no interest in talking at all to
any of them now I have now I now I have
a hypothesis here and that is not that
the people you went to grade school with
are like better in some way but rather
that they were at a stage in their life
where they hadn't turned into
completeing [__] yet that that makes
the the elementary school reunion
interesting though I see okay cuz you
didn't get to see that process so it's
like what what happened in the
Gap how did you get why how do you look
like this basically yeah how do you go
from like that kid that was fun to play
soccer with to like I don't know who
knows says Luke's just a standup guy
stop oh man yeah okay uh what what's
going on more we got yeah I got more
merch messages okay we got some we got
some cool people sending merch messages
yes how many is there left you wish they
were luk let's let's try to let's try to
power through these a little bit okay I
wish there was Marino underwear
available they're wonderful do you know
why some websites don't let you open
certain links in a new tab I hate that
oh my God I know as a habitual control
clicker it's infuriating when I can't I
hate it so much also middle clicking
does the same thing and it's my favorite
I hate it so much I hate it so much okay
so watch this watch this okay so if I'm
in the dashboard and I want to switch
accounts and I right click and I right
click to oh my God I left clicked okay
it doesn't matter the point is if I want
to switch account and I right click I
want to open an tab where am I opening a
new
tab why isn't it there it's not
intuitive I love this
man not me just making sure you can do
the yes that works okay cool all right
good so V Vindicated uh is there any
pricing available for the commuter
backpack I'm hoping $150 or less so I
can justify upgrading my upgrading my
wife UPG to my upgrading so I can
justify upgrading to my wife from the
$50 back crab I'm still using from high
school it's just that is what it says
that is what it says this is the least
intuitive merch message I've ever read
to my wife upgrading to my wife from the
$50 backpack where are you storing
things in your wife
that's H that's quite the upgrade though
from I can't do this um not a very
intuitive upgrading from my wife
upgrading my wife from the $50 backpack
I'm still using from high school okay I
hurt my
hand I'm not
surprised it's not too bad it's not too
bad um uh we're not announcing the
pricing yet I I we announced that a
little early I think the backpack comp B
well we got a we got a we got a wait
list we got an email newsletter got yeah
no no we got to drum up we ordered a few
oh based on the newsletter or just
preemptively just based based just based
just based not on anything just based
like on a like on aing Turkey based
yeah yeah get that meat yeah yeah get
that meat
gravy okay we need to get out of here
this is what happens if we go past
8:30 next keep going
ah hey was using my LTD stubby to fix my
dishwasher before W show uh how well can
I expect it to hold up to water I don't
know you tell me it should be fine the
bits might rust a little bit because
they're like iron and stuff yeah yeah
your Sha's okay yeah yeah just based it
based
shaft all right keep roll all right
sorry sorry the last one I got for you
hey
with your focus on transparency will
there be any more how LTT makes money
videos I know were used against you but
uh can you look past that I really hope
that people were not here during the
start of the
show Chad understood it apparently but
yeah
um I think someone internally pitched a
little while ago it might have been Adam
I think it was Adam I'm not sure don't
don't quote me on that I might be wrong
about that someone pitched it internally
a little while ago I think we are due
for one
um I don't know guys like it's uh it's
one of those things where someone in
philine ch said wouldn't the old video
still basically apply no I mean and
that's the thing right and that that's
why has changed that transparency is not
just once right like if you if you have
a a window in into the front of your
house right and you open it for a second
and then you close it that's not
transparency that's a glimpse you know
uh transparency is a process it's a
mindset it's ongoing and um and so I
think in the interest of
transparency yeah um I'd like to do
another one but after sort of
experiencing the way that people take
what I say in those kinds of behind the
scenes looks and extrapolate or um or
twist um what saying to turn it into
something that I didn't
say I don't know it it definitely it
definitely makes me like that one time
that you said that the iPhone was an un
unintuitive mess yeah and had no
redeeming qualities yes like the time I
said that um it's really challenging
right because I I can't reasonably
expect people every individual person
out there to be familiar with everything
I've ever said right and so you'll see
like bad faith statements like lonus
always criticizes the iPhone he never
criticizes Android so mean
um and I think this is one of those
content pieces for us that
um have a super high potential for that
for people to see just this and and not
see the bigger picture or to see it and
not believe it and um and I'm putting
myself in a position where they just
wouldn't have been thinking about it if
I didn't bring it up I think that's
probably the biggest Danger is I talk
about like you know I talk about the
sponsorships or I talk about
Integrations or I talk about merch or I
talk about float plane or you know all
the other ways that um that lus Media
Group makes money and you've got you
know the people on the one side that are
going that couldn't be all of it what
are they hiding right and then you've
got the um and then you've got the
people that are like oh my God I can't
believe that they make so much off of
like sponsorships and merch that they
can pay like you know 100 people um I
didn't you know I didn't think about
that before I thought that you know
lonus was just my friend or whatever and
it's like bro why is it a conversation
that I'm even opening up at this point
like during W you know two and a half
three hours into wano or whatever we are
right now what are yeah we're three and
a half hours into W show it's like yeah
fine we can kind of talk about this
stuff because realistically the only
people are going to make the make it
past me insulting their precious iOS are
going to be people who I think can at
least based Android users let's
go I think our people who can um see the
bigger picture of what we're trying to
say and see that you know for all of our
flaws we're trying and it sort of take
things
um take things that we say and take the
things that we
do
um with a positive with a set of
positive
assumptions rather than a set of
negative assumptions whereas like a
Mainline Channel video it's not really
like that so we'll see uh I think that
uh right now this is not a good time of
year to go bug the accounting department
to create a bunch of extra like
presentation slides for us they they've
got sh to do um got a lot of new good
but new goalposts things to work on yeah
but maybe next year we'll see
okay uh can Cano asks timeline for
backpack carabiners you should have them
already if you don't contact
support and I'll see you again next week
same bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye dude it was so hard not to talk
about
this oh you can't lean over here I know
it's
fine I know right
[Music]